"123") into integers.
* arithmetic operands
..and modify original
14 Three should match
19 Three should match
22 - invalid argument
3 * 3, perfect square
@return - this `Pair`
@return current flags
@return getFilename()
@return getPathname()
@see Collator::sort()
Alias for __construct
Alias of checkdnsrr()
An alias for gettext.
An array of filenames
Assert false and bail
BSON document: length
Can pass new static()
Catchable fatal error
Check this out later.
Checking OBJECTS type
Compare each to each.
Confidence in results
Connection seems fine
Create a 100*30 image
Create a deate object
Creating an hard link
Creating dir resource
DIRECTORY_SEPARATOR .
Decimal integera data
Defualt flag value 2.
Disabled target, skip
Does some more stuff.
Double quoted strings
Empty dir will have .
Empty string expected
Exception thrown here
Expecting bool(false)
Float type variations
Generate handler code
Get an unset variable
Get resource variable
Get the current flags
Gets processor model.
Helper with parameter
IS_CONST + conversion
IV is ignored in ECB.
If null, we are done.
Imagick::CHANNEL_ALL.
IncDecProp: use __get
Initialise the arrays
Interface doc comment
Invalid mode Argument
Invalid object method
Long-style arguments.
Lots of nesting here.
No server name given.
Non-existent filename
Octal type variations
Only for internal use
Only user implemented
Otherwise do nothing.
Outputs 'D1:foo true'
Parses YAML to array.
Propagate value array
Raises a fatal error.
Reference to an array
Returns FALSE on EOF.
Save ini data to file
Send Email to QA Team
Set invalid encoding.
Short-style arguments
Should be 2.x seconds
Show us all of file2.
Single quoted strings
Sometimes not needed.
Special case for ints
Start a child element
Starts a DTD element.
TEST: basic ref count
TEST: sizes of arrays
TIFF intel byte order
TODO: Not enough info
Test for memory leaks
Test https:// streams
Test subject strings.
Testing on hard links
Testing on soft links
The DeltaBlue planner
The exception message
The first index is 0.
The keys are 0 and 1.
This is an interface.
This one should fail.
Time is not mentioned
Unixified Dir Or File
Variants are ok, too.
Warnings are special.
Wipe the user buffer.
With default argument
Year wise time stamps
__get(), then __set()
affected rows related
allow connect, fix pw
and default key array
append link with data
array as return value
array of array values
array of boolean data
array of char formats
array of float values
array of hexa formats
array of html strings
array with int values
array with mixed keys
array with null entry
binary representation
calendar has priority
canonicalized version
changing mode of file
check a static string
check file permission
check numeric strings
child public property
class with no members
class without members
clear statement cache
clear the error stack
close the file handle
closing the resources
compare the self stat
compare the two stats
create a file in dir1
create temp directory
create temporary file
creating dumping file
creating the sym link
custom implementation
define fL2 inside fL1
define fL3 inside fL2
delete file with name
derive from redec gen
different magnitude's
different pad_lengths
doesn't fatal or warn
double quoted strings
dummy sope is Closure
dump the sorted array
element: UTF-8 string
end multi-stmt delete
end of file_mode loop
end of inner for loop
end of outer for loop
exclude system traits
expected: bool(false)
expecting: bool(true)
fbcode is a sub-repo.
file given to is_link
file pointer position
first args as boolean
first object in array
float as return value
float numeric strings
float type variations
fn call with two args
for type aliases only
for..., foreach( as )
from post or get data
function name as NULL
generate the function
get an unset variable
get resource variable
have a negative shift
hphp output: Hello, 5
http://3v4l.org/8Peti
http://3v4l.org/FtFt6
http://3v4l.org/S4isH
http://3v4l.org/T1JaE
http://3v4l.org/qa6EP
http://3v4l.org/sbf0s
if 0 look into entity
inherited constructor
invalid, does nothing
jumped to next Sunday
key can be a variable
misspelled month name
mysqli_real_connect()
namespaced class name
needed for PostgreSQL
needle as null string
needle as single char
negative DateInterval
non existing filename
non-existing filename
non-existing linkname
object which is unset
octal type variations
official test vectors
open file for reading
opening file for read
param not a ressource
parameters of helpers
parse all these files
partially typed array
passing zero argument
positive DateInterval
read cert as a string
read from closed file
read outstanding data
read rest of the line
return value not used
run the endpoint test
same but OO interface
second args a integer
second args as string
seek to start of file
server knows about it
set file pointer to 0
set up local endpoint
should have no effect
should read dir2 file
simple heredoc string
simple metadata check
simple parameter test
simulate blocking I/O
single quoted strings
size value is zero 4.
skip a pointless test
skip body of the file
something was created
specify explicit keys
strict Lurrrrrrrrrrrr
string representation
suffix removal checks
switch..case, default
test alternate syntax
test for valid values
test only this method
test resource cleanup
testing loops scoping
trigger error handler
truncate it to size 0
try the basic options
try to get dir handle
unbuffered result set
unset the file handle
unset the whole array
unset/undefined  vars
user interface method
various float formats
various octal formats
various string inputs
warning, not an array
will overwrite itself
with default argument
with default callback
with repeated needles
with string key index
wrong parameter count
zero argument  feof()
"double quoted string"
(not implemented yet).
...and use them again.
1 sub, no consume last
12 Second should match
2 sub, no consume last
@copydoc Iterator::key
@return ImagickPixel -
@return index of entry
Accept that connection
Add an EXPECTF section
Be warned, be careful.
Binary type variations
Both invalid arguments
Cartesian x-coordinate
Cartesian y-coordinate
Case 1: CDATA Sections
Cleanup previous runs.
Closes the result set.
Commit was not issued.
Create the brush image
Create the server side
Creating an empty file
DROP TABLESPACE Syntax
Enables code coverage.
Encode the tree first.
FIXME: Implicit public
Format: YYYYMMDDHHMMSS
Frees a MIME resource.
Generate helper's code
Generated by memcache.
Giving a normal string
Initialising variables
Initialize 'array_arg'
Initializing variables
Invalid number of args
Isn't this much nicer:
JIS Using Detect Order
Key 12 is unaccessible
Killing connection - 1
Killing connection - 2
Killing connection - 3
Language-Script-Region
List of preconditions.
Mofification time only
More than expected no.
My Doc  Comment  for A
Nested anonymous shape
Nested namespaced Map.
No data fetched so far
No ob_start() executed
Note: For offset(-15).
Order defined by ksort
Returns -1 if unknown.
Run the actual command
Second object in array
See also __FUNCTION__.
See also dns_get_mx().
See the example below.
Set formatting symbol.
Should not be affected
Should only have 'foo'
Should produce warning
Shouldn't be displayed
Simple User definition
Simple language subtag
SplPriorityQueue empty
String type variations
TODO: add proper codes
Test ImmSet's methods.
Test for single scaler
Test invalid arguments
Test with no arguments
This is actually fine.
This tests the parser.
Traditional Chinese ()
Try to sort test data.
UNumberFormatAttribute
Use 0 for auto-select.
Valid attribute names.
With non-existing file
Writes a full comment.
Writes a raw xml text.
Yet it is still stable
ZEND_ISSET_ISEMPTY_VAR
a multichar glue value
a point in filled body
accessible, by default
add our local endpoint
already in main distro
array as an HashTable*
array of boolean types
array of octal formats
array of string values
array with binary data
array with bool values
array with hexa values
array with null string
array with null values
array with one element
array with string keys
array without elements
arrays with float keys
binary type variations
breakpoint is set here
can jump in to a block
check a dynamic string
check case insensitive
check extension exists
checking for Resources
child private property
class without a member
clone non-owned object
closing resources used
compare header results
compile time constants
convert it to new type
create temp file, link
creating file resource
decimal numeric string
define two c-constants
define two d-constants
defining 'to' argument
definitely not a prime
delete temporary files
end of file_modes loop
end single line delete
error, Existing exists
error: unexpected type
expecting : bool(true)
expecting true on file
expecting: bool(false)
file_content_type loop
fill polygon with blue
find out file position
for test purposes only
get a resouce variable
get host name from URL
giving a normal string
greek strings in UTF-8
heredoc with multiline
hexadecimal as integer
home dir shortcut char
initializing the array
initializing variables
integer as hexadecimal
invalid (should throw)
invalid first argument
links copyright notice
literally all of them.
max positive integer+1
minimum program string
more than expected no.
needle as special char
needle should be found
offset around 10 years
offset around 6 months
omit all 3 expressions
only base name matters
only builtins set this
opcode helpers by name
or .., otherwise FALSE
other types in a array
parameter substitution
parsing __FILE__ token
pg_escape_bytea() test
private doesn't matter
public static property
reenabling should fail
remove non-ASCII chars
resource type variable
scalars that are unset
second args as boolean
set after client error
set to default handler
should reached the end
shouldn't be displayed
simulates blocking I/O
single char for needle
space as key bool keys
standard string output
start output buffering
still AKempty, checked
strict Should be fine.
string as return value
string type variations
string with value "f1"
temp dirname used here
test without any error
testing array changing
this segfaulted before
this should be allowed
this works as expected
time zone has priority
to enable dir deletion
true true if not exist
two fields are needed.
two-dimensional assoc.
unset/undefined arrays
variable can have name
various string formats
what gets interpreted.
with default arguments
with default len value
with white space chars
without wild-card char
works in php, not HHVM
write data to the file
wrting 6 bytes of data
zero argument fclose()
" double quote string "
(maximum normal double)
(minimum normal double)
2  No longer an option.
@copydoc Iterator::next
@return target of link.
A constrained variable.
A database file object.
Alias of mysqli_options
Alias of odbc_field_len
An alias for implode().
Argument is not a shape
Assume: c is satisfied.
Check for empty strings
Closes the imap stream.
Closure object is empty
Creating a dir resource
Display current setting
Don't call EndIteration
Empty Array as argument
Explode with attributes
Extra args are ignored.
Files - Whitelisting //
Get/set text attribute.
HNI ParamCoerceModeNull
IDL ParamCoerceModeNull
IS_TMP_VAR + conversion
Instead get the default
Integer type variations
Intercept static method
Invalid no.of arguments
Invalid parameter count
Japanese regex in UTF-8
LOAD DATA INFILE Syntax
LOCKS should be removed
Language-Region-Variant
Load APP info from jpeg
My Doc Comment for A::f
Namespace (__SystemLib)
New ids outside of loop
New ids within the loop
Note: SWC requires zlib
Otherwise, answer true.
Outputs 'D4::foo false'
Override width property
Prevent infinite loops.
Referenced variables 2.
Regex without delimiter
Relative from CWD path.
Represents a row block.
Retreive error message.
Retrieve binary from DB
Returns FALSE on error.
Row numbers start at 0.
Run tests in sandcastle
See the examples below.
Set a new symbol value.
Set collation strength.
Set it to our own class
Sets a hard breakpoint.
Some more typical cases
Somewhere in the middle
Ssnv test 16-bit shorts
TODO: test more options
Target: Append to array
Test array-like access.
Test bad function calls
The default is SIGTERM.
The default is `'Age'`.
The path of this linter
This needs to be fixed.
USING VARIABLE VARIABLE
Using Class and objects
Valid attribute values.
When array are refenced
With autoload disabled.
With optional arguments
Write stats to csv file
ZEND_INIT_FCALL_BY_NAME
a nice binary search :)
args less than expected
args more than expected
array of boolean values
array of integer values
array of resource types
array of string formats
array of string objects
array with default keys
array with element as 0
array with float values
array with mixed values
array with numeric keys
arrays with string keys
at least one connection
call undefined function
can jump out of a block
check if the link exist
checking stat() on file
class with final method
close the resource used
closing resource handle
closing the file handle
confirm file is deleted
confirm link is deleted
create the dots pattern
creating parse.ini file
defining 'str' argument
definite quantifiers 2.
delete temp dir created
delete the file created
delete the link created
different valid  arrays
different valid  string
different valid strings
directory type resource
dump the converted data
dump the current locale
dump the resource first
endless-loop protection
expected array is 10,10
expected: true on linux
expecting : bool(false)
failure, expected Point
fill polygon with green
fn call with three args
get UID for new message
get a resource variable
group of various arrays
has sub node statements
hash_file() error tests
heredoc with blank line
hex value as permission
implement the interface
integer numeric strings
integer type variations
integers, hex and octal
invalid length argument
is_dir() on a directory
lambdas in class bodies
length of the file name
let the parent reply...
like the f() call above
matched the method name
minimum statement count
multicodepoint entities
must not yield anything
non-empty string prefix
now file pointer at end
numerical assoc indices
opcode handlers by code
open existent directory
other types in an array
outside of whence range
pg_escape_string() test
print the file contents
readfile() on hard link
readfile() on soft link
remove existing license
resolve fully qualified
resolve runtime lookups
return type is an array
same as COUNT_RECURSIVE
script to upgrade PCRE.
seek forwards 20 bytes.
set file pointer to eof
should not output 'bar'
special chars in string
stat of the dir created
stmt object status test
store current directory
string with backslashes
strings with octal NULL
take on NULL by default
taking lstat of symlink
temp dir name used here
temp filename used here
test a successful flush
test equality of result
test for invalid values
test only this endpoint
translating single char
unlink old test results
unrelated parent method
unsets global "version"
using only array_shift:
valid html and php tags
variable initialisation
various integer formats
verifying content stays
will print "PATH:Array"
will throw an exception
with autoload options..
with optional arguments
without second Argument
"as Circle" is redundant
'ANGSTROM SIGN' (U+212B)
@copydoc Iterator::valid
@return string - pattern
@see OutOfRangeException
ASCII value of '3' given
Add to the section text.
Adds one extra argument.
CREATE INDEX, DROP INDEX
CREATE TABLE, DROP TABLE
Canonical decomposition.
Check for read operation
Checking on OBJECTS type
Checks an OAuth request.
Class for all test cases
Class with static member
Class without any member
Clean the temporary file
Constructs a Splay tree.
Create ReflectionClasses
Create ReflectionObjects
Create a DateTime object
Create an image instance
Creates a new timestamp.
Creating a file resource
Default Mongo exception.
Deleting unexisting data
Disabling specialization
Do nothing to mimic Zend
During backward branches
Enforce this constraint.
F F (Zend: F D) (Rule 4)
Failing to prepare is OK
File which doesn't exist
G G (Zend: G D) (Rule 4)
Generate the certificate
Generates opcode handler
Get the last error code.
Get the original comment
Get the scale of a field
HNI ParamCoerceModeFalse
Handling of LONG columns
IPv6 with override port.
Include an existing file
Initialise the variables
Invalid array of locales
It is mostly deprecated.
Japanese string in UTF-8
Last, as it should fatal
Message formatter class.
Miscellenous input check
NULL or not there at all
Nested namespaced pairs.
Nested shapes don't grow
No argument is required.
Non-deterministic tests.
Non-existing file or dir
Object with static array
Parent was skipping one.
Regex without delimiters
Ret runs two destructors
Returns FALSE otherwise.
Scalar value as filename
Search under current dir
Set collation attribute.
Set formatter attribute.
Set new attribute value.
Sets locale information.
Simple callback function
Sort the entries by key.
Specifically, fatals vs.
Starts xhprof profiling.
TODO: Add more encoding.
TODO: Add more encodings
TODO: find exact version
Test basic functionality
Test non-interned string
Test order of operations
Testing Error Conditions
Testing error conditions
The XSLTProcessor class.
The root of the project.
This causes a seg fault.
This is B's doc comment.
This is a static method.
This is f's doc comment.
This is g's doc comment.
This uses very much mem.
Try out G bases as well.
UNumberFormatPadPosition
Use known values to test
Use of class and objects
Valid with cost the same
We should never get here
With non-existing source
Writes a full attribute.
additional code coverage
all permisson to sub dir
array of int type values
array of integer objects
array of resource values
array or HASH_OF(object)
array with binary values
array_uintersect_assoc()
arrays containing byRefs
arrays with default keys
arrays with float values
arrays with integer keys
at least two connections
bigger than int (32-bit)
blank space as file name
break left intentionally
calls public constructor
capture up to 100 errors
check if the link exists
check on unset variables
checking for binary safe
checking on objects type
child protected property
close the resources used
closing resource handles
create a recursive array
create hard link to file
create new phar by mkdir
create soft link to file
creating 4 bytes of hole
creating a file resource
defining 'from' argument
definition of input args
delete all files created
delete the links created
different integer vlaues
do not touch these files
dump the resulting array
empty string as filename
empty string as linkname
eval fails if no newline
f1_soft() does not exist
failure, expected string
fgetc using unset handle
fgets using unset handle
file length is too short
flag value as defualt 2.
force passive connection
get a reference variable
get an resource variable
get the data of size 512
giving arguments as NULL
handle file-open failure
has no __toString method
heredoc string with NULL
heredoc with empty value
implement abstract class
inaccessible, by default
incorrect parameter type
initialize the 2-d array
invokes c3::__callStatic
left-facing M on ceiling
list build-in extensions
make it a dynamic string
max positive integer + 1
maximum subnormal double
min range of integer + 1
minumum subnormal double
multiline heredoc string
needle as heredoc string
next add plain text part
no auto increment column
no auto_increment column
no input variables bound
non-existing file or dir
offset as negative value
opening file in r/w mode
out of boundary integers
overrides only offsetGet
pecl sapi and extensions
read again to struck EOF
require an existing file
reset the status to zero
run tests on a function.
see mysqli.c for details
self compile time lookup
separate_zval_if_not_ref
set to beginning of file
should fail, strict mode
source line of exception
special chars in strings
stat of the file created
stat of the link created
static is class-specific
store resources in array
stream wrapper not found
strict Non-literal index
strict Too few arguments
temp directory used here
temp file name used here
test mysqli_real_connect
testing scalar variables
this is name of the file
this line will crash CLI
this throws an exception
timestamp (microseconds)
try now with traditional
undefined and unset vars
unexpected argument type
unset a member and check
unset file type resource
using other white spaces
various write only modes
with 'callback' argument
with php open/close tags
writing data to the file
writing to an empty file
xml_parse_into_struct ..
"123") into integer keys.
"this is a hebrew string"
* Two non-numeric strings
-1 is used for any depth.
@copydoc Iterator::rewind
@generated by docskel.php
@internal  Abstract class
@return     mixed   FALSE
@return The resolved path
@see OutOfBoundsException
Abstract method with body
Any return value is fine.
Array of available fruits
B B (PHP 5.3 outputs C B)
B always changes 'static'
BSD's answer to this one.
By default, this is null.
Calls back on every edge.
Calls back on every node.
Calls back on every root.
Chararter type variations
Check umask() on file/dir
Checking on RESOURCE type
Checking warning messages
Checksum in the middle...
Create Recursive Type Var
Defaults to no filtering.
Different heredoc strings
Ends the current comment.
Ends the current element.
Exits process on failure.
Extended language subtags
F F  (Zend: F D) (Rule 4)
G G  (Zend: G D) (Rule 4)
Generate array of pixels.
Generic FVs are covariant
Get attribute value back.
Get security preferences.
Gets current thread's ID.
Helper without parameters
ID column, binary charset
If not, then all is good.
Include an existing file.
Initial letter exceptions
It doesn't have children.
It tests session support.
Locale-related constants.
Make the background white
Mixed, explicit override.
Must be in the format: '.
New features and options.
Not available in CLI mode
Not used when using URLs.
On failure returns FALSE.
On failure, returns FALSE
Only one invalid argument
Otherwise, returns false.
Predefined Date constants
Reconnect failed, give up
Replace with empty string
Represents a SOAP header.
Retrieve array of errors.
Retrieves special columns
Returns FALSE on failure.
Returns string, reversed.
Run with --help for help.
SET URL AND OTHER OPTIONS
Save the interfaced image
Set security preferences.
Set the default time zone
SetH calling __destruct()
Sets the RSA certificate.
Show file or result block
Starts a local xbox task.
String with control chars
String with embedded NULL
String with special chars
TODO: Do real test EUC-JP
Target: Static properties
Test equality of ImmMaps.
Test of object_init_ex().
Testing Binary safe files
Testing multiple invalid.
The case will be ignored.
The default is 4 seconds.
The default is read only.
This is a generated file.
This is expected to pass.
This should fail to check
Typically you will get 1.
UNSAFE_EXPR -- roflcopter
UNumberFormatRoundingMode
Using Encoding List Array
Var name of the base var.
When array are referenced
Writes a full DTD entity.
a variable which is unset
another associative array
any other field will fail
array contains sub arrays
array of unsigned formats
array with integer values
array with single element
array without elements 2.
array_multisort is weird.
arrays with explicit keys
arrays with string values
boolean false as filename
boolean false as linkname
class for object variable
class with static members
cleaning resource handles
close and delete the file
common field set, unifies
confirm file doesnt exist
connection function tests
copy that dir into extras
could be a brand new node
declaring global variable
default internal encoding
delete the temporary file
different arrays as input
different heredoc strings
different types of arrays
emit an undefined warning
end of for - mode_counter
end of for close the file
end of inner foreach loop
end of outer foreach loop
filtered value (or false)
fix list item's 2nd lines
flag  value as defualt 2.
get the current data type
get the data of size 1024
grab the bootstrap script
group of escape sequences
hexa-decimal integer data
hphp output: Hello, 3dude
hphp output: Hello, uh oh
implicitly weak mode code
left-facing M on baseline
less than expected, 1 arg
more pg_lo_unlink() tests
multi line heredoc string
myC has a referece to myA
no __call, we have access
no entries, never flushed
no needle should be found
non-persistent connection
nonexistent static method
not found, its a function
not found, private member
only if there is a reason
open the file for reading
opening the file "a" mode
opening the file "w" mode
order changes per machine
output a table of squares
outside of range int data
override message and code
paths with suffix removal
populate reading material
process command line args
read cert from a resource
redundant grouping parens
require an existing file.
resize and negative value
return undefined variable
roundtrip with raw object
sentence as ending string
serialize and unserialize
session_id initialisation
set locale to en_US.UTF-8
set of locales to be used
set the file pointer to 0
sets BG(CurrentLStatFile)
should now read dir1 file
should read the dir1 file
should return same length
should succeed, weak mode
size of source after copy
string with double quotes
string with nul character
string with single quotes
string with special chars
string with tab character
string("11") is contained
strings containing quotes
strings with escape chars
sublcass of builtin class
test a unsuccessful flush
test binary data transfer
test doubles around -4e21
test multi-char delimiter
test simple function case
test simple text transfer
testing exception scoping
the order of the array 2.
this file has a wrong crc
this will end up crashing
unset the variable passed
use groups of expressions
user public static method
various utility functions
verifying public property
we have found a start tag
with hotname:dir notation
"this is an arabic string"
'include_path' set to true
/* Two non-numeric strings
5 First three should match
@copydoc Iterator::current
@return int - thread type.
@return string locale name
@return the filename only.
ASCII value in binary form
Add some items to the list
All of these should throw.
And that's: no connection.
Arrays with regular values
B B   (Zend: B D) (Rule 3)
C C   (Zend: C D) (Rule 3)
Checking on resource types
Checking with current file
Close all ODBC connections
Connect and send request 1
Connect and send request 2
Construct test case header
Create a DateTime object..
Creates a new OAuth object
Default to an empty array.
Defaults to -1 (no limit).
Define a couple of arrays.
Do not call this directly.
Either way, workaround it.
Encodes a URI to RFC 3986.
Ends the current document.
Expect warnings about INF.
Explode without attributes
F F   (Zend: F D) (Rule 4)
F F (Zend: F D D) (Rule 1)
FALSE as key becomes key 0
Form a cycle: await parent
Format number as currency.
G G   (Zend: G D) (Rule 4)
G G (Zend: G D D) (Rule 1)
Generate our own database.
Generate zend_vm_execute.h
Get original symbol value.
Get the current class name
Get the source from GitHub
Get the symbol value back.
Gets increased when inited
Gets number of processors.
Hack should not allow this
In Linux, this is gettid()
In the case of "INSERT ...
Increases a stored number.
Invalid arg for multiplier
It must be url encoded....
It returns FALSE on error.
Maximum 100 items allowed.
Must be a constant string.
Must be greater than zero.
Must match kMaxBuiltinArgs
Needed for pcntl_signal().
Nested namespaced vectors.
New expression id assigned
Non-existing file resource
Now add those dependencies
Object (array) in variable
Only lowercase should work
Parse command line options
Part of the GNU extension.
Print result as HTML table
Push down bytecode offsets
Requires: PostgreSQL 7.2.x
Return either of the above
Scientific type variations
See enum class ThreadType.
See stream_set_blocking().
Send off builds to jenkins
Set the type of the value.
SplPriorityQueue non-empty
String with null character
Suppress warning messages.
Target: Integer array keys
Test Bcrypt Invalid Length
Test Vectors from RFC 2104
Test array_values when: 1.
Test end() when passed: 1.
Test of ProxyArray::Copy()
Test parsing float number.
Test ssl:// socket streams
Test that FS is immutable.
The Simple PHP YAML Class.
The default is 60 seconds.
This parameter is ignored.
Throw a C++ std::exception
Try it with no catch also.
Turns off autocommit mode.
UNumberFormatTextAttribute
Un-quotes a quoted string.
Wait for signal to arrive.
Whereas MySQl 5.5 may not.
With autoload, no warning.
With non-existing dir path
Writes a full DTD element.
Writes a full element tag.
Wrong parameter type test.
ZEND_VM_DISPATCH_TO_HELPER
a two-dimensional array 2.
and the .lib goes into dev
array of float type values
array of values for 'from'
array with repetative keys
arrays with integer values
associative arrays to sort
blah blah multiline method
build a predictable string
calculate two-stage tables
calling a private function
calling with no parameters
calls the private function
check if array is still ok
check if link is soft link
checking behavior of quote
class 3 has no constructor
class with __get and __set
create a copy of the array
create a new cURL resource
create directory and files
create if it doesn't exist
define a level-1 namespace
defining a common function
different values for 'str'
double quoted string value
ensure file pointer at end
exec()-like functions // /
false (EAGAIN, no warning)
field redeclaration, error
filling data into the file
free resultset after close
free statement after close
generate the function call
here we execute the orders
hexadecimal numeric string
include the trailing slash
instanceof string variable
intdiv() Integer division.
is_dir() resolves symlinks
key of the current element
make sure kind still works
mark the file for upload..
max negative integer value
max positive integer value
max posotive octal integer
min range of octal integer
more than expected numbers
non scalars that are unset
not derived from Exception
ok: typechecker catches it
only caught by typechecker
opening file resource type
opening the file "a+" mode
opening the file "ab" mode
opening the file "at" mode
opening the file "w+" mode
opening the file "wb" mode
opening the file "wt" mode
opens a regular connection
own CharacterData, Comment
passing NULL has no effect
paths with numeirc strings
paths with numeric strings
populate new method record
report non-silenced errors
retrieve all endpoints now
see about :: in interfaces
select from existing table
self::X cannot be resolved
set the url we want to use
set the value ot a new one
set to current system time
setText resets the pointer
should throw syntax errors
should use Atlantic/Azores
show default value is NULL
simple paths (backslashes)
single line heredoc string
single quoted string value
size of file inside subdir
size of source before copy
size of the symlink itself
string with nul characters
sub node should be removed
subpatterns in parentheses
test single-char delimiter
tragically these work also
transitive lambda captures
try different locale names
unbalanced tag, ignore it.
user private static method
values that equate to 1 2.
various scientific formats
verifying private property
with default numeric index
with double quoted strings
with single quoted strings
writing object to the file
yaml with some custom tags
"_" taken as default prefix
(ie the same result as -50)
- 1: RegexIterator::USE_KEY
..and a point on background
3 would be the next element
@return   The passed value.
@return - The error string.
@return bool - Returns TRUE
@return current flags MIT_*
@return the path part only.
A B B (Zend: A D B) (Rule2)
A ImmMap cannot be mutated.
A class to represent a row.
ALTER SERVER Syntax 11.1.5.
All data will be destroyed.
Also also works on objects.
Anonymous shape return type
Array with data for testing
B B B (Zend: B D B) (Rule2)
Build compilation database.
CREATE MULTIPLE CURL HANDLE
Check a non-Latin language.
Check if C has constant foo
Checking case sensitiveness
Checking with (current) dir
Checking with block in file
Clear OS byte before encode
Concatenate result strings.
Count of elements to follow
Create a new image instance
Create two temporary files.
Creates a copy of the node.
Default is 0, local stream.
Deleting the temporary file
Dynamic Instance Properties
Edit constraints do nothing
End of list, simply push it
Ends the current attribute.
Export handlers and helpers
Extra arguments are ignored
Extracting Global Variables
F F  (Zend: F D D) (Rule 1)
FALSE if an error occurred.
FTP this script to a server
File containing text string
Flushes the current buffer.
Forward Transitions, add().
Forward Transitions, sub().
Frees the given XML parser.
G G  (Zend: G D D) (Rule 1)
Get a field (column) value.
Get the value of the global
Hexadecimal type variations
ImmMap is an immutable Map.
ImmSet is an immutable Set.
Include microbenchmark code
Initializing the 2-d arrays
Int array with default keys
Intercept non-static method
Invalid Number of Arguments
Invalid Number of arguments
Its only about malloc() vs.
JIS string (BASE64 encoded)
Lets pass a dead connection
Mixed keys - numeric/string
Montag der 28ten Woche 2010
Must be a positive integer.
Must be empty or one of: '.
My Doc Comment for A::privf
Notice: Undefined offset: 0
Ok, lets check MyISAM resp.
On error FALSE is returned.
On error false is returned.
Only read one row and break
Opens an SQLite 3 Database.
Otherwise lookup that index
Output the image to browser
Parsing helper's definition
Private use registry values
Read the list of mailboxes.
Represents a MySQL warning.
Represents a date interval.
Restore attribute's symbol.
Return ICU error code name.
Return the current element.
Returns a copy of this Map.
Returns a copy of this Set.
Returns the current buffer.
Same expression id as above
Sequence counter pattern...
Set the line thickness to 5
Set the value of the global
Similar to collator_sort().
Sort the entries by values.
Splat unpacked and repacked
Start the listening socket.
Starts an artificial frame.
Stay constraints do nothing
Subscribe to a new mailbox.
Test array_merge() when: 1.
Test array_slice() when: 1.
Test next() when passed: 1.
Test prev() when passed: 1.
Testing basic file notation
The behaviour is undefined.
The final crlf was removed.
Then reset to PDOStatement.
This is the default option.
This is useful for polling.
Try it with a builtin, too.
Unfolding inner array tree.
Used to represent resources
Valid with cost the default
We also do filename lookups
You almost never want this.
a different type of comment
access each element's value
access non-existant element
anonymous callback function
array containing sub arrays
array of scientific formats
array of string type values
array with different values
array with string key index
busy wait, should time out.
call T2b::f via its alias g
calling __construct() twice
check the current file size
check using isset and empty
clean the temp dir and file
close the file resouce used
compile time static lookups
correct way of doing above:
create a basic stream class
create a new temporary file
create a prepared statement
create link delete the link
creating file in write mode
debugging detail in output.
default break and cut value
default compile time lookup
dir resource handle deleted
doesn't exist bcause of DST
echo "len before rtrim: " .
ensure that dir was renamed
enter hook throws the fatal
false (EAGAIN - no warning)
file that's explicitly weak
file that's implicitly weak
filenames with invalid path
generate a random challenge
generate the valid response
generated by idl-to-hni.php
get an unset array variable
get endpoints for this test
giving NULL as the argument
hack to skip reserved words
heredoc with numeric values
hexadecimal type variations
if no content, return false
implemented for ArrayAccess
initialise different arrays
initialise the second array
initializing the args array
initially giving the locale
jumped to next Sunday again
keep f4bogus from fatalling
link() creates a hard link.
max positive integer number
mode is ignored on Windows.
needle overlaps in haystack
new mandatory arg is not ok
no checks on number of args
non stream context resource
nonexistent instance method
nonexistinghost add server.
notice this exceeds 32 bits
now handle a SKIPIF section
now the same with native PS
object for 'input' argument
opcode name to code mapping
opening the file "a+b" mode
opening the file "a+t" mode
opening the file "w+b" mode
opening the file "w+t" mode
overrides only offsetExists
path to the php source tree
pathname as member of array
prints string(8) "Info: 12"
process one traceback level
read an invalid cert, fails
read to the end of the file
remove the property "color"
replace the string in array
resolve in global namespace
returning NULL for closures
run the command application
set of possible flag values
set the file pointer to EOF
set the file pointer to eof
should fail, foo is missing
should still read dir1 file
statement call  after close
subtyping works with tuples
test manually created array
the correct answer is 'Baz'
this line doesn't crash PHP
this link won't get created
this works fine delete link
try to draw a white ellipse
unset data and return value
unset them to make it null.
unsigned int type variation
used by HACKLIB_iteratable.
used in result table output
user defined exception code
user public instance method
variations of two arguments
we might get the old handle
with all possible arguments
would call, not attr public
-1 if server is not started.
2000 pixels per color stripe
2nd maximum subnormal double
2nd minumum subnormal double
@param map The autoload map.
@return bool - Returns TRUE.
@return mixed - This object.
@return object EncodingMatch
@return the current sub path
A PEM formatted private key.
A simple duck typing example
Alias for real_escape_string
All read and append modes 2.
All resources are read-only.
All typing from Foo is lost.
And return the sorted array.
Arguments more than expected
Array of locations in Europe
Array with data for sorting.
Assume that it is satisfied.
Backward Transitions, add().
Backward Transitions, sub().
Bad DN value with attributes
Binds and calls the closure.
But reads should always fail
By default, fetches as both.
C should not have method bar
CREATE, DROP, CALL SP and SF
Changing the static variable
Class to get object variable
Closing the resource handles
Compatibility decomposition.
Compressing a smaller string
Create a DateTimeZone object
Create a MIME mail resource.
Create a new interval timer.
D stands for decimal number.
DELETE should be rolled back
Declared Instance Properties
Defaults to -1 (don't seek).
Defined in array_reduce.hhas
EXTR_REFS as second Argument
End the current xml element.
Ends the current DTD entity.
FNM_CASEFOLD Caseless match.
Fake URL to trigger an error
Force to be Tvar/Tunresolved
Forward Transitions, diff().
GMT is zero for the timezone
Gets the float value of var.
Gets the length of a string.
Gets time of a system clock.
Getting inode of directories
Implementation of __toString
Initialise function argument
It became optional in PHP 5.
It does not require a token.
It is equivalent to running:
Less than expected arguments
Make sure we got clone right
Meanwhile do not rely on it.
Modification and access time
More than expected arguments
Need to meet the requirement
Newly created files and dirs
No replacement shall be made
Not used for web based tests
Note: returns last character
On error, FALSE is returned.
Otherwise, it returns FALSE.
Output facilitating function
Override with something else
PHP5: Duplicate rejected  /*
Passed an array by reference
Produce specialized executor
Remove a zero port, if found
Remove any possible periods.
Removes a parameter, if set.
Representation of time zone.
Returns the day of the week.
Returns the timezone offset.
Run an individual test case.
SJIS string (BASE64 encoded)
See ArrayObject::setFlags().
See above about fixing this.
See converting from strings.
Seek and write a random byte
Set detection order by array
Set the background to be red
Set the backgrund to be blue
Should finish without errors
Similar to Collator::sort().
Simple class method callback
Some arguments are literals.
Splice this Vector in place.
Start out running the setup.
Starts a DTD attribute list.
Starts a namespaced element.
Support for ZEND_USER_OPCODE
Switch on implicit flushing.
TEST: sizes of dynamic props
Test array_values() when: 1.
Test equality of ImmVectors.
Test fetching into an object
Test isset() with ImmVector.
Test magic methods for Pair.
Test unserialize error idiom
Testing for Error conditions
Testing for error conditions
That is any Array or Object.
They should all return false
This can be for example RGB.
This function is deprecated.
This method is identical to:
This property has a comment.
This works without this line
Throws for non-xbox threads.
Try to compare long strings.
UNumberFormatStyle constants
With args less than expected
With standard files and dirs
Writes a DTD attribute list.
You can set it lower though.
ZEND_INIT_STATIC_METHOD_CALL
Zend will cast the NULL to 0
acceses element with value 6
access the array after reset
arguments more than expected
array of boolean type values
assign a value to static var
but this will fine, ofcourse
by using replace_pairs array
calls /our/ private function
check that CL_EXPUNGE worked
checking possible variations
checking stat() on directory
child public static property
class without __get or __set
close the file resource used
closing resource handle used
closing the file "dummy.txt"
closing the resource handles
comment between declarations
compare and leave on success
create directories and files
decimal values as permission
defining an array of strings
defining array of len values
deleting temporary directory
different valid  null vlaues
different valid float vlaues
dump the stat returned value
ensure that link got renamed
ensure that link was renamed
enusre if eof set close file
existing phar.zip, alias set
fails the requirements of T1
file resource handle deleted
fromArray() from empty array
function name without quotes
get a resource type variable
get different types of array
here doc with numeric values
include file for imap_stream
initially setting the locale
limits to three replacements
loop over key sizes for test
mysqli_stmt_num_rows() - 1).
mysqlnd returns native types
no toString() method defined
non_result_set_queries - DDL
nonexistent interface method
not null because inheritance
objects of different classes
ok: typechecker validates it
omit 1st and 3rd expressions
only multi-dimensional array
opening the file for reading
opening the file in "r" mode
options for the curl handler
out of range, three warnings
output the picture to a file
override calendar's timezone
parse only .c and .cpp files
partially typed return value
process all traceback levels
protect against missing data
push default reference score
read cert as a binary string
remove it from this instance
responsibility of subclasses
restricting parent directory
same as above, using integer
serialization of FS literals
serialization of FV literals
simplified version of static
source filename of exception
strings to pass strtolower()
strings to pass strtoupper()
test conversion to null type
test if dynamic dummy exists
test mysql_connect localhost
the main recursion function.
this comment will be removed
this is an ISO-8859-1 umlaut
this key is in the sub-array
tvCoerceParamToStringInPlace
user private instance method
value stored with string key
various unsigned int formats
verifying protected property
we really want to skip it...
width as -ne and cut as true
with NULL as second Argument
write at the end of the file
* My Doc Comment for B::privf
/* strings with leading zeros
1 Driver specific error code.
1 Driver-specific error code.
2 read to get on the 2nd node
@return     RecursiveIterator
@return - The escaped string.
@return bool - The old value.
@return string  response body
@see InvalidArgumentException
Advantage mysqlnd - see above
An asynchronous MySQL client.
And now without parameters...
Assuming this is from GNU Tar
B B B  (Zend: B D B) (Rule 2)
Backward Transitions, diff().
CREATE SERVER Syntax 11.1.11.
Caused by a query timing out.
Checks an xbox task's status.
Clears the user/system cache.
Close the current connection.
Constructs a Splay tree node.
Creates an encoding detector.
Delete the existing directory
Ends the DTD of the document.
Ends the current DTD element.
Ensure argument passing works
Ensure consistency in future.
Error on all four, duplicates
Fetch the transliterator's ID
Format argument as type Array
Frame 1 is within pseudo-main
Generate specialized executor
Generates specialized offsets
Get bundle's last error code.
Get default attribute's value
Getting inode of created file
Getting inode of current file
If so, it will be documented.
Import the pixels into image.
Initialise function arguments
Initialise required variables
Initialize required variables
Insert using named parameters
JIS Using Encoding List Array
Location for overloaded data.
Make them equal for the check
Move forward to next element.
No.of args less than expected
No.of args more than expected
Note that keys are preserved.
Now test the base form of log
Number of columns in a result
Otherwise, it is set to time.
PHP5 and HHVM: type Generator
Pre 5.6: link remains useable
Print out summary information
Push two values onto the list
Removes a required parameter.
Returns full line (EOL found)
Safe for reading binary data.
Searches haystack for needle.
Set/Get the current language.
Sets the request tokens path.
So should trailing whitespace
String with escape characters
Target: Non-static properties
Test error cases for gzencode
Testing a file trailing slash
Testing simple directory tree
Testing with homedir notation
The field_offset starts at 0.
The removed node is returned.
There is only one difference.
This disables mongodb support
This function sorts an array.
This gets converted to string
This is identical to running:
This method is equivalent to:
Use func_get_args() for this.
We will add label to call it.
We'll corrupt the 1024th byte
With non-existing file or dir
Zero means no error occurred.
a redirected test never fails
add the test data to the file
allowed, but serve no purpose
anonymous class trait binding
array contains null sub array
as a private/protected method
assign class as scalar to var
at pos 0, shift everything up
but "future" changes are seen
callback function always_true
chmod 0777 to enable deletion
closing the file "dummy1.txt"
code hasn't been analyzed ...
contain hexadecimal digits 2.
converting stream type to int
create a file stream resource
create the file and test read
create the file to test write
current file pointer position
default calendar is gregorian
define some class with method
definig array of start values
defining array of int formats
delete temp file created here
different valid  float values
different valid  float vlaues
different values for 'ending'
different values for chunklen
dir without write permissions
disallow cloning once forever
end of File content type loop
explicit call to __toString()
explicitly in top-level scope
explicitly requesting default
fL1 definition continues here
fL2 definition continues here
fetch from the interop server
file name only with extension
file name stored in an object
floating point representation
full buffer dumped every time
get the set of included files
get the set of required files
gid The group ID of the user.
glob() with default arguments
grapheme_extract extract_type
heredoc with multiline string
implicit call to __toString()
include a snapshot identifier
increases array to 4 elements
increases array to 5 elements
initialing required variables
initialise 'num_req' variable
initialise associative arrays
initialise the first argument
initialising  heredoc strings
initialising a heredoc string
initialising the string array
initializing the format array
inserted new line in a string
key 1.9 is truncated to key 1
keys upto 128 bits (16 bytes)
left-facing M not on baseline
less than expected,1 argument
link name stored in an object
make sure normal strings work
max negative integer as octal
max positive integer as octal
more arrays to be intersected
move up to ext/standard/tests
negative 'pad_size' sub array
no default value, return NULL
non-existant element going in
now the same with emulated PS
numeric in the form of string
on collision, last entry wins
opening the file in "r+" mode
opening the file in "rb" mode
opening the file in "rt" mode
pathname as members of object
private function __destruct()
repeat check with full switch
responsibility of using class
result_set_queries statistics
rubbish after the 'x:' prefix
serialize an empty new object
setup temp mailbox with 1 msg
should be still string(1) "1"
shouldn't be able to do this.
so compatible with it for now
some keys default, others not
string containing escape char
string with html and php tags
string with newline character
strings with hexadecimal NULL
succeeded involving constants
temp link is_link() on a link
test conversion to array type
test standard skipif sections
this is a C-style comment ...
try to open, expected failure
use Booleans for label values
using quote chars in sentence
variations with two arguments
we're assuming loopback is 1.
width as -ne and cut as false
width as zero and cut as true
works with/without use clause
write to a file in csv format
zend_fetch_var_address_helper
zero means no error occurred.
'self' doesn't change 'static'
* single-quote string literals
- Stepping out of destructors.
..create a clone of it ..Clone
@flags      mixed   The flags.
@return - The `string` "Pair".
@return double currency number
@return void No return values.
A ImmVector cannot be mutated.
A fun test for type inference.
Add the new node to the queue.
Additional required extensions
Alias of session_write_close()
Also returns FALSE on failure.
Another variation of the theme
Backtracing while having cycle
C should not have constant bar
C should not have property bar
CURRENTLY UNSUPPORTED IN HHVM.
Carriage returns are the devil
Check for the type of resource
Check whether an option exists
Checking for Class and Objects
Class for extended variations.
Closes the prepared statement.
Connect to destination address
Converts a string to an array.
Create a DateTimeZone object..
Create a date object to modify
Create the main image, 100x100
Creating a temporary file file
Deletes the specified mailbox.
Determine the tests to be run.
Dumps to some very clean YAML.
EUC-JP - No encoding parameter
Fetch element to insert before
Figure out what handler to use
Force bytea escaping and retry
Format argument as type Object
Format argument as type String
Generate and save the PEM file
Generate opcode handler's code
Get collation attribute value.
Get headers for last response.
Get the new iterator classname
Gets a line from file pointer.
Gets all configuration options
Gets information about a link.
Handling of binary column data
Heredoc string with blank line
I don't have a doc comment....
Initial value is U_ZERO_ERROR.
Insert additional methods here
Instantiate a `WrappedResult`.
KOI8-R koi8-ru, koi8r Russian.
LAST_INSERT_ID should be reset
Language-Script-Region-Variant
MYSQLI_STMT_ATTR_PREFETCH_ROWS
Minimum and maximum PHP values
MongoLog::setLevel() constants
NOTE: no LOAD DATA INFILE test
No default value, return null.
No.of args leass than expected
Not a valid compressed string.
Now the same as procedural API
Now the same with emulated PS.
On failure, FALSE is returned.
Output files only in subsuites
PHP_CLI_SERVER_MIME_TYPE_MAP_H
Parsing callback for yaml tag.
Regular (non-prepared) queries
Returns a copy of this Vector.
Returns the stack depth level.
See preg_match() for examples.
Set the background to be white
Set the maximum allowed depth.
SetOpProp: use __set and __get
Skip useless constant handlers
Starts a namespaced attribute.
String array with default keys
Test that ImmMap is immutable.
Test wrong number of arguments
Testing Invalid type arguments
Testing with inexistent column
The length of salt to generate
The resulting pixel is opaque.
The type known at compile-time
This file is part of Composer.
This parameter is typically 0.
This will not work on Windows.
Toggles indentation on or off.
Trait binding after anon class
Try to use unserialzied object
Unknown browser uses defaults.
White background and blue text
With default callback function
With partial output on errors.
array of all file access modes
array with bool values as keys
array with hexa values as keys
array with negative int values
array with positive int values
at the start it should be NULL
calculate the hash and dump it
call EndIteration on last call
callback function always_false
changing output method to html
check for a few core functions
check if file pointer at eof()
class 2 has an own constructor
class with __get but not __set
class with __set but not __get
cleans and reads first element
create an arc with white color
create temp file and directory
create the temporary directory
creating directories and files
defining array of char formats
defining array of mask strings
defining array of start values
different valid  scalar vlaues
echo 'Top with line-break: ' .
end of file_content_types loop
ensure stub is not overwritten
ensure that dir doesn't exists
ensure that rename worked fine
expect y and z to be undefined
expecting true remove the file
expecting warning + "original"
feel free to add more yourself
fgets moves the read position.
filesize should be 1, and is 2
found,  key is in member array
ftruncate on close file handle
function don't allow promotion
get dynamic invisible property
has no public property "color"
here doc with multiline string
heredoc string with blank line
ill-formed name, but no error.
initialise the second argument
initialize the second argument
invalid query, another warning
iterate through original array
left-justification with spaces
len The length of this column.
little hack for last parameter
method b1 demostrates self vs.
negative  values as permission
non-existant variable going in
nope: no strings, even numeric
not following strict standards
now the first and the last one
numerics in the form of string
okay to access const via class
only the local copy is changed
opening the file in "r+b" mode
opening the file in "r+t" mode
otherwise just use the offset.
parent class for preconditions
passing an invalid type to set
passing invalid type arguments
passing more than required no.
path containing numeric string
paths and suffix given as same
php5 has this, we don't use it
public constructor not allowed
read cert as a filename string
reading the data from the file
remove the directory structure
rename dirs across directories
renaming a file and check stat
restore detect_order to 'auto'
rewind the file pointer to bof
same as doing 'a' instead of 0
set dynamic invisible property
should be quivalent to octal 1
should not throw syntax errors
simple paths (forward slashes)
size of destination after copy
sort the array, retain a temp.
string containing simalr chars
string containing single quote
string with double backslashes
string with hexadecimal number
string with special characters
strings with escape characters
symlink to a non-existent path
test conversion to object type
test conversion to string type
test conversion to these types
test non-existent file request
testing RecursiveArrayIterator
testing traits in anon classes
the first parameter is special
this calls __set but not __get
throws exception in pseudomain
try uncompressing empty string
unexpected number of arguments
until we find something better
variations with four arguments
warns and bails returning null
we sohuld have no default link
we want headers also, so fopen
width as zero and cut as false
would call with not AttrPublic
"0" bit is found at position 7.
'COMBINING RING ABOVE' (U+030A)
- RegexIterator::REPLACE: none.
0 reports less false-positives.
10000 zvals collected automatic
@offset     mixed   The offset.
@return - The port as an `int`.
@return mixed - A string token.
@return mixed - Profile result.
@return mixed - The node added.
@return string formatted number
ALTER TABLESPACE Syntax 11.1.8.
ALTER TABLESPACE Syntax 13.1.9.
Add another text node to title.
Add new attribute w/o namespace
Allow for either Win32 or Unix.
And better support for folding.
Bad DN value without attributes
Behaves identically to fstat().
Case that should throw an error
Check for the content of handle
Check for the existence of file
Check that all keys get deleted
Check that all keys were stored
Class alias of undefined class:
Clears the libxml error buffer.
Closes the database connection.
Contain referenced variables 2.
Continue asynchronous iteration
Create a new Doubly Linked List
Direct: relative from CWD path.
Display current detection order
Do some crap, to block inlining
Draw a text string on the image
Ends the current CDATA section.
Execute the prepared statement.
FALSE outputs lowercase hexits.
Falls back to "B" if not given.
False if the key doesn't exist.
Fetch a result row as an object
Fetch one result row into array
For each op1.op_type except ANY
For each op2.op_type except ANY
Get collator's last error code.
Get current collation strength.
Get the name of the type alias.
Gets the XML parser error code.
Here comes Late Static Bindings
Import all attributes from :bar
Import all attributes from :baz
In , this parameter is ignored.
In PHP 5 must be UTF-8 encoded.
IncDecProp: use __set and __get
Initializing required variables
Invalid arguments (zpp failure)
Invalid, different (lower) cost
It returns the resulting array.
Let's do a PEAR-less pear setup
Lists only leaves in iteration.
Load a valid YAML file to Spyc.
Loop through file content array
MSG_EOR Indicate a record mark.
Make the background transparent
MongoLog::setModule() constants
My Doc Comment for A::protStatf
My Doc Comment for B::protStatf
Negative exp, generates warning
Neither the name of Google Inc.
No, you cannot fetch the result
No.of args greaer than expected
Note: Bad string raise Warning.
Numeric positions of attributes
OK because arrays are sequenced
PHP stacks but no Async stacks.
Parse definition file into tree
Passed a referenced variable 2.
Passed an argument by reference
Passing resource as an argument
Please use MongoClient instead.
Regex without closing delimiter
Regex without opening delimiter
Reset the cursor and try again.
Reset timeout on socket for now
Returns a clone of this Vector.
Returns the square root of arg.
Same response format as stat().
Second character position is 1.
See if we can actually load it.
Set HTTP output encoding to JIS
Shortcut for root-level values.
Simplified Chinese (HK-GB-2312)
So...save the current position.
Special chars white space chars
Subtract FourCC + length header
TYPE_DOUBLE is used by default.
Test array_push when passed: 1.
Test basic function of gzencode
Test behaviour with interfaces.
Test deleting non-existent keys
Test that the JIT triggers COW.
Test throwing on function entry
Test wrong number of arguments.
The associativity is preserved.
The default entity may be NULL.
The first element will be used.
The modifiers are listed below.
This is a synchronous function.
Throw some bad apples in there.
U+044F CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER YA
Unsigned Integer type variation
Use a submodule/move technique.
User defined callback functions
Using CALL threading by default
Vectors/Maps - some basic tests
We can make it through typedefs
We should stop it in some time.
With args greater than expected
Write test context information.
Wrong parameter count in assert
Wrong value is truncated to 255
accesses public instance method
actual argument's value changed
add a second text node to title
array of destination file names
array of values to iterate over
array to be passed as arguments
array with bool key repeatition
array with negative hexa values
array with null key repeatition
array with octal values as keys
array with positive hexa values
break out of the while loop ...
calculate totals for this table
can only read uncompressed data
check the file pointer position
check using isset() and empty()
checking print_r() on functions
chooses the CLI version of php.
close the file before unlinking
create copies and destroy later
create file of size 12000 bytes
create the multiple cURL handle
defining an array of len values
defining array of float formats
defining array of octal formats
delete the link clear the cache
different valid  boolean vlaues
different valid  integer values
different valid  integer vlaues
different valid numeric  vlaues
different values for 'chunklen'
display emacs/msvc error output
don't error, just silently stop
dump the array to see its unset
ensure that link doesn't exists
error, Something already exists
example from HTML5, section 2.4
executable that will be tested.
existing phar.zip, no alias set
expected: Warning is suppressed
expected: false remove temp dir
expected: true delete hard link
expected: true unlink soft link
explicitly in current namespace
explicitly inconsistent with C1
fetch all rows but the last one
file input instead of directory
function name with boolean name
heredoc with quotes and slashes
heredoc with special characters
implicitly in current namespace
initialising required variables
key can be a runtime expression
lets see what the default is...
linknames with invalid linkpath
load list of enabled extensions
mixed string with int and chars
mtime Checksum in the middle...
negative/posative integer array
non-existent needle in haystack
non-existing needle in haystack
ok, 'type' is context sensitive
opening file again in read mode
override count to force failure
please don't shorten this test.
process all args for that level
read an array with the filename
read entire file and strip tags
remove all permissions from dir
remove first element from array
rename files across directories
right-justification with spaces
select from dual - pseudo table
set up temp mailbox with 2 msgs
set up temp mailbox with 3 msgs
setting de interlace bit to off
setting the interlace bit to on
should be empty array, not null
size of destination before copy
size value is more than the no.
some cyrillic (utf8) comes here
standard integer representation
static not allowed in constants
strict Should fail because bool
strings containing escape chars
strings containing white spaces
temp directory, exp: bool(true)
test fgetss with all read modes
test freeing queue in RSHUTDOWN
the config.h needs special care
the mother of all interop tests
this is not the same as "dummy"
this variable to use with isset
this will make conversion fail.
touch() after renaming the file
trailing white space is ignored
two valid multi-byte characters
using special chars in sentence
variations with three arguments
verify that the algorithm works
violate type inference via SetG
"comment" NodeList, NamedNodeMap
'parent' doesn't change 'static'
(example of a grandfathered tag)
/* use  strings for label values
/* use arrays and array elements
2 Driver specific error message.
2 Driver-specific error message.
25 March 2012, transition to DST
@dataProvider quickTestsProvider
@return - `Awaitable` of `void`.
@return IntlDatePatternGenerator
@return bool - Sanitized string.
@return mixed - Returns the CSR.
@return mixed - Serialized data.
@return mixed - The cloned node.
@return string - The locale name
@return the stack trace as array
Adds a pattern to the generator.
Advantage mysqlnd - see above...
An ordered set-style collection.
Built-in function, relaxed check
Can have custom class named Map.
Can have custom class named Set.
Casts a given value to a string.
Changes to the parent directory.
Check getting global error code.
Check if test should be skipped.
Check that ImmSet is a ConstSet.
Coerce to a valid value or null.
Commented out as it's HHVM-only.
Copyright 2004-present Facebook.
Copyright 2015-present Facebook.
Create a pair of unrelated types
Create an iterator to be limited
Default port for TCP connections
EUC-JP - With encoding parameter
English with Japanese characters
Error test case for a PHP method
F, g, G and b are not supported.
FIXME: HHVM doesn't support this
First character's position is 0.
Generate a prologue for thrower:
Get bundle's last error message.
Get formatter's last error code.
Get output and generate md5 hash
Get the "age" of the code point.
Gets resolution of system clock.
Gets the current PHP process ID.
Greek string in lower case UTF-8
If timezone is not set, use UTC.
Initial position of file pointer
Initialise the associative array
Instead, use the is_* functions.
Invalid, different (higher) cost
It is identical to the function:
It must be a valid UTF-8 string.
Japanese string encoded in UTF-8
Logs in to the given FTP stream.
Manages an OAuth provider class.
May be one of file, link, or dir
Modify call back using ini_set()
No.of args greater than expected
Not sure which is most portable.
Note: bind_result before execute
Numbered indices are left as is.
October 23rd, with a broken time
On errors, it will return FALSE.
Positional argument, presumably.
Removes all values from the Set.
Representation of date and time.
Represents a prepared statement.
Requirements of Trait1 inherited
Retrieves a list of foreign keys
Return the name of another class
Return values from Redis::type()
Return what we know how to lint.
Returns the specified substring.
Returns the width of string str.
Rewrites the text for comparison
Send response back to the client
Set HTTP output encoding to SJIS
Set HTTP output encoding to UTF8
Set to '0' to loop continuously.
Sets an option in an XML parser.
Similar error message to ereg().
Source code: ext/date/php_date.c
Source code: ext/imap/php_imap.c
Source code: ext/standard/exec.c
Source code: ext/standard/http.c
Source code: ext/standard/mail.c
Source code: ext/standard/math.c
Source code: ext/standard/rand.c
Special handling of a few types.
Subsecond accuracy is supported.
THEY ARE FOR THE STREAM WRAPPER.
Test array_slice when passed  1.
Test casting ImmVector to array.
Test destruction order for SetG.
Test destruction order for SetS.
Test that we can clone a ImmSet.
Test with non integer parameters
Testing file with double slashes
The actual values are arbitrary.
The arg parameter is in radians.
The plural version of gettext().
The returned data may be binary.
The row is returned as an array.
This function complements chr().
This function complements ord().
This function is case-sensitive.
This is bogus but will work fine
This is expected: see bug 46900.
Time should be given in seconds.
Try to use array key as property
Try to use unspecialized handler
Unbinds from the LDAP directory.
Upon failure, FALSE is returned.
Use snapshot mode for the query.
Use the set Environment variable
Valid normalization form values.
With autoload failing to add it.
Write the string at the top left
Writes a processing instruction.
You will see leaks with libmysql
a weak test without unicode etc.
add extras from the template dir
always include the config.h file
array containing embedded arrays
array with default numeric index
array with double quoted strings
array with negative float values
array with negative octal values
array with positive float values
array with positive octal values
array with single quoted strings
array with special chars as keys
arrays to be passed as arguments
assign this string to a variable
based on zend/ext/filter/010.php
calling reset between executions
check color of a point on edge..
check for duplicate method names
checking for (int) type resource
checking for end() on sub-arrays
checking var_dump() on functions
class 1 calls parent constructor
class definition for object data
class with only member functions
client has started fetching rows
correspond to 'correct' integers
create 1 file with some contents
create soft link and record stat
create the temporary directories
creating temp directory and file
define the array of mask strings
defining array of string formats
definition of required variables
destroy the variable using unset
different input string variation
different invalid format strings
different types of 'input' array
do like operation in native php.
do some folding here, for blocks
end delete containing large stmt
ensure the file pointer position
error style for editors or IDE's
expect cc and dd to be 10 and 30
expect h to be defined and be 10
expecting max_length to _be_ set
expects the keys to be preserved
file name containing blank space
file name with numeric extension
file pointer position after read
flag a swap between good and bad
following operations should work
for x in scenarios process(k, v)
function name with simple string
get the dynamic property "color"
increasing and decreasing values
initializing object member value
it has to be strictly an integer
label column, result set charset
loop through to merge two arrays
mark added messages for deletion
max positive hexadecimal integer
min range of hexadecimal integer
myA has myB, comleting the cycle
mysqli will use the default 3306
negative/posative integers array
negative/positive integers array
no break (cumulative multiplier)
no characters in second Argument
no date was parsed, so no errors
or FALSE if needle is not found.
output of this goes through 2xml
overload fn with same visibility
parse error: expected expression
path as well as suffix provided,
read cert from a filename string
read from file, at least 7 chars
read more data than is available
resource variable in string form
save new endpoints into database
should read the working dir file
simple case with missing element
some undefined variable warnings
sorting array_arg as whole array
strict Removing field from shape
strict error: non-existent class
strict exn stands for extensible
string with backslash characters
temp dir is_dir() on a directory
test conversion to resource type
test mysqli_real_connect with db
this causes a segmentation fault
this is a C++-style comment, ...
thrown exception in the callback
try n read a char, none expected
try n read a line, none expected
try renaming a non existing file
try to override the context node
ugly trick for ZEND_VM_DEFINE_OP
use Booleans for label values /*
use a prefix not used in context
values stored with numeric index
we will repeat a max of 20 times
with default 'callback' argument
with default start and len value
with heredocs associative arrays
with incorrect callback function
"' URL could not be accessed: " .
* checkout the type of the result
-n - print function nesting depth
@guide /hack/collections/examples
@guide /hack/generics/constraints
@return     mixed   Returns FALSE
@return     mixed   The filename.
@return mixed - The rounded value
@return the stack trace as string
Abstract method in "normal" class
Add a key/value Pair to this Map.
All variable-types are supported.
Allocate with function entry/exit
And now a good one that will work
Break out each type into an array
By default the parser is lenient.
CREATE TABLESPACE Syntax 11.1.14.
CREATE TABLESPACE Syntax 13.1.15.
Calling chop() with all arguments
Can have custom class named Pair.
Construct a new Collator instance
Creates a new binary data object.
Creates a new regular expression.
Cursor for database file results.
DDL will issue an implicit commit
DOMCharacterData using DOMComment
Decreases a stored integer value.
Doc comment on a method generator
Does not clear the stored stacks.
Emit how big each leaf symbol is.
Explicit override of simple prop.
File names containing whitespaces
Follow the interface hierarchy up
For example, logged-on user's ID.
Gets the maximum allowable depth.
Gets the primary keys for a table
Gets the size for the given file.
If not, throw exception and quit.
ImmVector is an immutable Vector.
Initialise all required variables
Initialise the array with strings
Initialised session_id behaviour.
Initialize all required variables
Instantiate a `WrappedException`.
Internal macro MYSQL_REPORT_ERROR
It is equivalent to the function:
It is used in a binary safe mode.
Label column, result set charset.
Lists all output handlers in use.
Load a valid YAML string to Spyc.
Look for method '' in class 'Foo'
Loop over first three fruits only
Match the beginning of a section.
Method names are case insensitive
More than expected number of args
Multibyte characters may be used.
Must be derived from SplFileInfo.
No warnings from normal operation
Note: configure with --enable-dba
Nothing should have been flushed.
Notice that foo is invariant in T
Now do it with unbuffered queries
Now exchange fruits for locations
PDO::NULL_NATURAL: No conversion.
RecursiveIterator::getChildren().
Redis servers run here by default
References must be a variant type
Replace with __call-having object
Retrieve statistics about a table
Returns FALSE if an error occurs.
Returns NULL in case of an error.
Returns the name of the timezone.
Returns the socket and port used.
SORT_REGULAR is a global constant
Set HTTP output encoding to ASCII
SetM with array base on the stack
Sets or fetches the imap timeout.
Setting this to 0 means no limit.
Simple class with single property
Source Code: ext/standard/array.c
Source code: ext/curl/interface.c
Source code: ext/standard/array.c
TEST: multiple ref counted arrays
THIS TEST ISN'T ENTIRELY CORRECT.
TODO: This is not a real test....
Test basic functionality of end()
Test basic functionality of key()
Test behaviour of each() when: 1.
Test casting a ImmVector to bool.
Test magic methods for ImmVector.
Test materialization *to* ImmMap.
Test materialization *to* ImmSet.
Test prototype of builtin classes
Test regex caching functionality.
Test that ImmVector is immutable.
Test the KeyedIterable interface.
Testing a dir with trailing slash
Testing chop() : error conditions
Testing normal directory notation
The default is the actual locale.
These should be visible through C
This disallows untemplated arrays
Throw out any initial blank lines
Type Constants are case sensitive
U+00DF LATIN SMALL LETTER SHARP S
U+0414 CYRILLIC CAPITAL LETTER DE
Unconditionally defined functions
Use 'arc liberate' to rebuild it.
You generally should not do this.
ZipArchive::ER_READ   Read error.
ZipArchive::ER_SEEK   Seek error.
a built in comparison function 2.
allow empty query_string requests
another default constructor is OK
array containing all scalar types
array of values for 'to' argument
array with string key repeatition
arrays with variation in elements
base url prefixed to any requests
calls the PHP 4 style constructor
capture, because of inner capture
change internal encoding to UTF-8
checking umask() on all the modes
conditional derive from redec gen
confirm the file pointer position
create a file with 512 bytes size
create global parser and printers
create the soft links to the file
creating new object create a file
daylight saving time is in effect
definitions of required variables
dynamic calls to eval are a fatal
echo 'Top without line-break: ' .
enforced onto C1 with A as parent
ensure in ext/standard/tests/file
expecting true remove the new dir
file name containing ASCII values
file name starts with blank space
file should not exist before test
float array with duplicate values
found a valid element to start on
generate some random seek offsets
get an infinitely recursive array
heredoc array with unset variable
heredoc string with only numerics
ignore exception tested elsewhere
initialize all required variables
input array containing references
int(111) is string("o") in octal.
ivs should be ignored in ecb mode
loop to create and verify results
make invisible to static analysis
memsize and perm will be ignored.
mixed string with float and chars
needle as int(ASCII value of "*")
needle as int(ASCII value of '*')
needle as second word of haystack
next prime number greater than 10
no functions defined on this file
nonexistent abstract class method
of elements in the input array 3.
one can pass classes as arguments
php.ini to use when executing php
point to a non-existent directory
read with length beyong file size
remove write permission from file
reschedule to the lowest priority
separator for optional parameters
set the background color to black
strict error: abstract type const
strip out prefix "convert.iconv."
test begin and end of range equal
test fscanf() for its return type
test mysql_connect localhost:port
test open for write with new phar
test using a series of interfaces
testctag A processing instruction
testing empty and isset on arrays
testing prepare() and sqlite3stmt
testing query() and SQLite3Result
that runs for several whole lines
this doesn't work, expected false
this should repeat the same range
true, similar to 'abstract class'
undefined variable in string form
unknown use is defaulted to value
unset bool vars and undefined var
used to trigger gc_collect_cycles
we are lucky, we can run the test
we got this far without problems.
with default start and len values
write some data to cause overflow
zero-padding works on strings too
'*' means to return all mailboxes.
'LATIN SMALL LIGATURE FI' (U+FB01)
'wrogn param' is converted to true
/* leading and trailing whitespace
@flags      mixed   Optional flag.
@mode       mixed   Optional mode.
@name       mixed   Property name.
@param      mixed   The parameter.
@return     mixed   Description...
@return     mixed   The file name.
@return - An `InvariantException`.
@return The current entry's inode.
@return int - The compressed size.
@return mixed - Returns the slice.
@return mixed - The inserted node.
@return mixed - Unserialized data.
@return string    Error code name.
@return string - One of timezones.
@return string - Returns a string.
@return void No value is returned.
@value      mixed   The new value.
ALTER LOGFILE GROUP Syntax 11.1.3.
ALTER LOGFILE GROUP Syntax 13.1.4.
Add a work task to this scheduler.
Add entries in the LDAP directory.
Add line of code to current helper
Alias of mysqli_real_escape_string
All values come back as `string`s.
An unsuccessful call returns null.
Associative array with string keys
Assume: sources are all satisfied.
Basic test case for a PHP function
Calculates the soundex key of str.
Can be any type except a resource.
Changing the name of the parameter
Check that the class name is valid
Check that there is no third value
Converted to SJIS (base64 encoded)
Copyright (c) 2014, Facebook, Inc.
Copyright (c) 2015, Facebook, Inc.
Copyright (c) 2016, Facebook, Inc.
Count the elements in an iterator.
Currently untyped for convenience.
DROP LOGFILE GROUP Syntax 11.1.15.
DROP LOGFILE GROUP Syntax 13.1.16.
Data Definition Statements 13.1.3.
Error test case for a PHP function
Exercise aliasing across re-entry.
Extracts the pid from the Mongo ID
Get description of the last error.
Get pattern used by the formatter.
Get the EG(error_reporting) value.
Get the assigned type as a string.
Get the name of the type constant.
Gets a line from the given handle.
Gets information about the system.
Have been referenced to each other
INT and integer work well together
If an error occurs, returns FALSE.
If it is not specified, 0 is used.
If no errors exist, 0 is returned.
Imports a zend extension into HHVM
Initialise the additional argument
Initialise the array with integers
Insert new node with a unique key.
Intentionally kill internet access
It can also include a port number.
It will return the previous value.
LlNV test 32-bit ints specifically
Loads an XML document from a file.
Logging is turned off, by default.
MYSQLI_STMT_ATTR_UPDATE_MAX_LENGTH
Main code for test case generation
NOTE: This will become part of SPL
NOTE: this function is deprecated.
No.of arguments less than expected
Node is preserved from removeChild
Note: not particularly optimal ...
OK, results in "r" change a string
Only SWITCH dispatch method use it
Opens an IMAP stream to a mailbox.
Other characters remain unchanged.
Out of range - should return false
QqJP test 64-bit ints specifically
Return contents of all the arrays.
Return current normalication mode.
Return the attribute if it's there
Returns NULL in case of a failure.
Returns a clone of this ImmVector.
Returns name of specialized helper
Returns the current input variable
Rewind the internal array pointer.
Save the image as 'simpletext.jpg'
Save the image as 'simpletext.png'
Server might not support it - skip
Set HTTP output encoding to EUC-JP
So this destructor should not run.
Sort and print the resulting array
Sort arrays using various locales.
Sort the array and the first copy.
Source code: ext/standard/string.c
Source code: ext/standard/uniqid.c
Start the FILE section of the test
TEST: multiple ref counted strings
TEST: set with int and string keys
TODO: Implement configuraiton file
Tallies a number for server stats.
Temporary tables should be dropped
Test basic functionality of each()
Test basic functionality of next()
Test basic functionality of prev()
Test creating a ImmVector literal.
Test match for 32-bit code points.
Test that we can't append to a FV.
Testing a file with trailing slash
Testing crc32() : error conditions
The code passed to the constructor
The default is to pad with spaces.
The function modifies this object.
The task is not currently running.
The type not known at compile-time
This class implements Traversable.
This defers from the PHP behavior.
This is identical to the function:
This is the static implementation.
This line will trigger toUCallback
Throw a non-standard C++ exception
Try to include a non-existant file
Try to see if there is a signature
Try to set/get collation strength.
Up to nine substrings may be used.
Use array to specify encoding_list
Uses user-defined currency string.
Usually, the default `""` is fine.
Valid locale tag and subtag values
Vector is a stack-like collection.
Vectors only support integer keys.
Verify that keeping accents works.
We can seek forwards using next().
Wrapper around ICU ucol_strcoll().
Zero argument, expected 1 argument
`Pair`s only support integer keys.
accessing an array within an array
args more than expected,expected 4
around 1 leap year period in years
array of private key sizes to test
array with numeric key repeatition
ascii mixed case, multiple needles
asio checks first unfinished child
associative arrays - key as string
autocommit should be on by default
bad_style-ish case inside a lambda
but a public destructor is allowed
call fgetcsv() to parse csv fields
calls Vector::offsetSet(11, "xxx")
check if we can convert that thing
checking for objects in in_array()
clear previous size value in cache
closure binding to anonymous class
create a file in working directory
creating the files in existing dir
current directory, exp: bool(true)
data represented in base64 (ascii)
data, empty data, empty data + eof
defining array of unsigned formats
defining class for object variable
defining different heredoc strings
directory name stored in an object
ensure that file pointer is at eof
ensure thta file pointer is at eof
euro currency symbol in ISO-8859-1
exec() executes the given command.
expected : no chars should be read
expected: Missing argument Warning
expecting max_length not to be set
extract details using long  format
extract details using short format
filenames resulting in valid paths
function name having boolean value
function name within double quotes
function name within single quotes
get context node and check "a:foo"
get last two segments of host name
heredoc array with  unset variable
heredoc with different whitespaces
ignore some well-known system dlls
include common file test functions
increment the value of the static.
linknames resulting in valid paths
list of arrays with key and values
max postive integer as hexadecimal
method with a body in an interface
name for generics (type variables)
needle as a first word of haystack
new flag ON_UPDATE_NOW_FLAG (8192)
new line chars embedded in strings
no message for any PDO call but...
not allowed -- should desugar to X
offset as string, converts to zero
open the file instead of directory
or simply by using any other node.
pathname containing numeric string
php://input is backed by a MemFile
pieces as arry with numeric values
remove one alias from second point
should be at the end and no notice
should convert to (unsigned char)0
should read the file in script dir
simple paths with trailing slashes
still messages for everything else
test mysqli_connect localhost:port
test mysqli_real_connect with port
the default gc root size is 10,000
the null is successfully unwrapped
this change is in function context
this definition escapes the clause
this doesn't go through __set()...
this should be flagged as an error
this should raise one more warning
timestamp has to be some wednesday
try fread when file pointer at end
use if with an instance of a class
value defined in common base class
wait while mysql closes connection
we can now properly var_dump() FVs
with always_true callback function
with different wildcard characters
- Stepping out of iterator methods.
/* returning literals byRef is okay
3 6 Insert in the middle of the DLL
@expectedException RuntimeException
@return class used in getIterator()
@return int - Security preferences.
@return mixed - Returns an integer.
@return mixed - The attribute node.
@return mixed - The encoded string.
@session_id mixed   The session id.
A much more intense test on lengths
Add an INI section to the test case
Add an idle task to this scheduler.
Alias of set_magic_quotes_runtime()
Anonymous shape parameter type hint
ArrayObject::__construct hasn't run
Associative array with numeric keys
Assume: I am not already satisfied.
Attribute 'att1' for element 'tag1'
Autocommit was off - by definition.
CREATE LOGFILE GROUP Syntax 11.1.9.
Cache a variable in the data store.
Can have custom class named ImmSet.
Can't define a method named isSet()
Check getting global error message.
Check that the method name is valid
Check the actual serialized output.
Class is now a Tvar of Tunresolved.
Class with two singleton instances.
Compare strings using en_US locale.
Compare strings using lt_LT locale.
Compare strings using ru_RU locale.
Converted to EUC-JP Test for object
Creates a new XSLTProcessor object.
Creates a special or ordinary file.
Creating file(stream type) resource
Default value is an empty password.
Disables and returns code coverage.
Doc comment on a function generator
Emit pointer to specialized handler
For determining number of processes
For each op_data.op_type except ANY
Force to write and empty the buffer
Get current branch/hash information
Get formatter's last error message.
Get sort keys using various locales
Gets an attribute of the statement.
Gets the current working directory.
Handy for debugging - should match.
It defaults to return all elements.
It throws an exception upon access.
Leave explicit unix:// socket as is
Load the sections of the test file.
Loads the given class or interface.
Make a reasonable-sized test string
Modeled after :x:composable-element
MongoTimestamp is used by sharding.
More than valid number of arguments
Must be derived from SPLFileObject.
My Doc Comment for A::finalStatPubf
Nested: relative from include path.
Old server should die after a while
On PHP side this should do nothing.
On error boolean FALSE is returned.
Otherwise, return the return value.
PDO::ATTR_ERRMODE: Error reporting.
Parsing opcode handler's definition
Print output if verbose mode is on.
Processes a pagelet server request.
Reads an entire file into an array.
Removes all values from the Vector.
Require the explicit specification.
Returns the current output variable
Returns the type of the given file.
Same case with a scalar initializer
Session data should not be written.
Set with Unicode U+3013 (GETA MARK)
Sets an attribute on the statement.
Should check this in nonstrict mode
Skip duplicate commutative handlers
Source code : ext/session/session.c
Start from self and work down tree.
Supports non-negative indexes only.
Take only mandatory argument names.
Test basic functionality of iconv()
Test basic functionality of mb_ereg
Test basic functionality of reset()
Test basic functionality of rsort()
Test behaviour of rsort() when:  1.
Test fscanf() to scan an empty file
Test showing async stacks in Xenon.
Test strncmp() with various lengths
Test strspn() : for error conditons
Test the ConstCollection interface.
Test the ConstIndexAccess interface
Testing chop(): basic functionality
Testing stripslashes() with strings
The Xdebug extension is not loaded.
The name "system" is also reserved.
The sent data completes the record.
The special value matches all tags.
This charset is supported in 4.3.2.
This is called "stay optimization".
This is why we need to use sockets.
This parameter is case-insensitive.
This should not be a dynamic class.
Try specifying a correct attribute.
Tuple-like arrays have integer keys
Unknown option for assert_options()
Upon failure, file() returns FALSE.
Valid, as it's an unknown algorithm
Verify that removing accents works.
When 0, not core files are created.
Writes a full namespaced attribute.
Writes a single test case to a file
absent property despite containsKey
add the content with has csv fields
always strings, like STRINGIFY flag
array containing objects of MyClass
array of available hashings to test
array with integer and float values
array with string value repeatition
assigned the value TRUE when called
associative arrays - key as numeric
but now I want to see some error...
check if end of file pointer is set
check key and value after the loop.
check the new type after conversion
checking for element in a sub-array
checking if given file is soft link
class deriving above abstract class
class not derived from PDOStatement
code to autoload based on directory
create new table and select from it
creating the file except for x mode
defining a couple of sample classes
defining the array for start values
depends on the build - experimental
different heredoc strings for 'str'
different values for 'cmp_function'
different values for 'split_length'
different values for 'str' argument
disjoint field sets, does not unify
empty function without return value
error: int incompatible with string
expected to be TRUE, actually FALSE
extends string, padding with spaces
file string  The current file name.
first get a list of all directories
formats the time value as a string.
function to handle catchable errors
giving arguments more than expected
here doc with different whitespaces
identifier name contains underscore
implement the interface 'iTemplate'
initialising the required variables
injection text from some user input
insert a new element with int key 5
integer array with duplicate values
intentionally doing nothing for now
loop through to compare the strings
mark messages in inbox for deletion
max negative integer as hexadecimal
no result set, one output parameter
non newtypes can't have constraints
open the directory with valid paths
opening the file in different modes
pieces as array with strings values
reproducing a memory leak (3/26/09)
run all tests, ignore above options
sanity check with a virgin phar.zip
set up temp mailbox with 3 messages
should read the file in working dir
simple checks with trailing slashes
sorting not supported for FV yet...
split so diff tool would pick me up
string containing control character
strings with different white spaces
strip all text nodes from this tree
sub array dumps the resulting array
target: FQDN of the mail exchanger.
test begin after end of range equal
test mysqli_real_connect compressed
this else does go with the outer if
try to access non-existant elements
type string  The current call type.
unicode mode should throw a warning
verify doc2 does not depend on doc1
was Locale::VALID_LOCALE Show them.
with always_false callback function
with default and optional arguments
write-out the first 30 permutations
xml_parse() parses an XML document.
"a", // This will make the test pass
"domain" - The domain of the cookie.
(But you can't change it to static.)
******************** Private getters
******************** Private setters
- lets leave that to dedicated tests
1234567890ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
28 October 2012, transition from DST
@return     mixed   The current key.
@return     mixed   The doc comment.
@return    string The assigned type.
@return bool - No value is returned.
@return mixed - Always returns NULL.
@return object - The attribute node.
@return string - The escaped string.
@return string - The trimmed string.
A case for the emitter to get right.
A file archive, compressed with Zip.
A php script to test token_get_all()
A trait that has a abstract function
Add a clean section to the test case
Add new attribute in a new namespace
All of these periods are equivalent.
Allocate without function entry/exit
Array with default and assigned keys
Assume this constraint is satisfied.
Basic test for preg_replace_callback
C C   (Zend outputs: C B B) (Rule 1)
CREATE LOGFILE GROUP Syntax 13.1.10.
CREATE, ALTER, RENAME, DROP DATABASE
Calculates the metaphone key of str.
Called when end recursing one level.
Calling sprintf() with two arguments
Catch recoverable error with handler
Change each element and dump result.
Check alternate vararg schemes first
Check if the new value has been set.
Check whether a junit log is wanted.
Checks if the parameter is variadic.
Child class extending abstract class
Class definition for object variable
Clears all current bound parameters.
Confirm file pointer moves correctly
Convert extension names to lowercase
Create Phar with the filenames above
Create a DateTime object from format
Create a temporary file for the test
D D   (Zend outputs: D B B) (Rule 1)
DELETE should have been rolled back.
Data Manipulation Statements 13.2.2.
Defines a named constant at runtime.
Else the option's value is returned.
Ends the current DTD attribute list.
Executes the given XPath expression.
F F   (Zend outputs: F B B) (Rule 1)
Fake framework, eg 'hhvmquickinterp'
Fallback to token based test finding
File names containing(or with) nulls
For a final class, they are the same
Force integration of local variables
G G   (Zend outputs: G B B) (Rule 1)
Get children of the current element.
Get original value of the attribute.
Get the current field (column) name.
Get the locale name of the collator.
Gets permissions for the given file.
Gets the connection status bitfield.
Greater number of args than expected
H H   (Zend outputs: H B B) (Rule 1)
HTML 5 has many more named entities.
If 0, then the entire entry is read.
Include all PHP files in a directory
Increment count for this combination
Inside a case the id is still stable
It forces a database error to occur.
It works only with truecolor images.
Iterate over different date and time
Leading whitespace should be ignored
Loads an XML document from a string.
MX  pri: Priority of mail exchanger.
Make sure the next line triggers COW
Modify the the actual element itself
Mutually exclusive with FILE_APPEND.
Note that objects are not supported.
Note: Did not start form -22 offset.
Number of spaces to indent per level
On error the function returns FALSE.
On failure, throws ImagickException.
One argument, less than expected no.
Opening the file in binary read mode
Parses options passed to the script.
Print if output format is for humans
Produces output according to format.
Read their descriptions for details.
Regression test for a translator bug
Removed skipped and incomplete tests
Represents parameter to a SOAP call.
Reset the iterator to the first row.
Restore attribute's value to default
Returns 0 or FALSE in case of error.
Returns the current output variable.
See comments inline for explanation.
Send subsequent passes to C2::__call
Set to -1 in the event of a timeout.
Setup internal transliterator object
Shape-like arrays remember key types
Should fail because it doesn't match
Sort array using specified collator.
Starts a processing instruction tag.
Starts xhprof network I/O profiling.
String with international characters
Support mashed together short flags.
TODO: add toImmMap() once it exists.
Test IDN functions (procedural only)
Test arrays whose size exceeds 65536
Test basic functionality of getcwd()
Test flow control around exceptions.
Test for the datefmt_parse  function
Test how array_diff_assoc behaves 1.
Test how array_shift when passed: 1.
Test strcspn() : for error conditons
The coverage information is cleared.
The default fill character is space.
The default value of notext is TRUE.
The handle must be open for writing.
The mysqli exception handling class.
This file is included in the output.
This line will trigger fromUCallback
This must be a one character string.
Thus, this test is set to be norepo.
Unserialization is case-insensitive.
Use "class::method" for method name.
We never look at SELF in LEAVES_ONLY
Yes, we need the temporary variable.
ZipArchive::ER_NOENT   No such file.
ZipArchive::ER_OPEN Can't open file.
add same CURLOPT to the first handle
analyze the PHP_AUTH_DIGEST variable
arguments less than expected numbers
array containing reference variables
array of values for 'input' argument
array with different values as width
array with numeric value repeatition
breakpoint will get hit on this call
bug happened during query processing
check for error while unserializing.
check is_callable() on static method
check runtime operators on just ints
checking lstat() and stat() on links
class declaration for string objects
class definition for object variable
create temp file, link and directory
decrements twice before incrementing
define it as an enum in this request
defining array of scientific formats
do as much as we can do in 5 seconds
end of innerloop for delete the file
ensure legacy token name is returned
expect the inner array to be defined
expects the keys not to be preserved
explicit numeric keys, string values
flags Any flags set for this column.
float value, beyond max negative int
float value, beyond max positive int
following operations should not work
functions don't get the var in scope
get the list of installed extensions
gets applied before constructor runs
group of various arrays with indices
heredoc string with single character
if this is in our skip list, skip it
if we want to manage our own padding
increments twice before decrementing
invalid password to use in this test
limit var search to current location
message sequences instead of numbers
minimum int mod -1, shouldn't sigfpe
next prime number greater than -1000
no result set, just output parameter
no segfault if this is commented out
now we do the test for a fatal error
now, lets check the server variables
open the directory with invalid path
overwrite data in middle of the file
pieces as array containing sub array
populate the file with lines of data
put a side effect in the 1st operand
quote a non re portion of the string
read entire file and strip tags tags
renaming a directory to numeric name
result One of the CURLE_* constants.
returns the length of a given string
sign specifier on a negative integer
sign specifier on a positive integer
string containing control characters
strtr() call in two args syntax form
succeeds because all refs are closed
suppress date() function strict msgs
test too few and too many parameters
try to set invalid serialize_handler
used to count the number of charsets
wait a bit to let the process finish
while..., do..while, break, continue
with default keys and boolean values
with default keys and numeric values
with one argument less than expected
with single space as second Argument
with two argument less than expected
write some test files to test folder
'GREEK CAPITAL LETTER OMEGA' (U+03A9)
** has higher precedence than * and /
** has higher precedence than unary -
@file_name  mixed   Path to the file.
@filename   mixed   The file to read.
@name       mixed   The session name.
@newvalue   mixed   The value to set.
@param    scalar  Index to check for.
@return     mixed   No return values.
@return - The hostname as a `string`.
@return int - The hash value of addr.
@return mixed - No value is returned.
@return mixed - The converted string.
@return mixed - The truncated string.
A connection between PHP and MongoDB.
A task that manipulates work packets.
A wait handle that can be waited upon
A wait handle that is always finished
Add a handler task to this scheduler.
Add a skipif section to the test case
Add is constprop, and generally a PEI
Adds the specified value to this Set.
Advance the iterator to the next row.
An empty string if no error occurred.
And now allow the evil to do his work
And so should the combination of both
Bind and connect sockets to localhost
Both should return filesize in bytes.
Build chain of n equality constraints
But the expression id is still stable
CURRENT_AS_FILEINFO + KEY_AS_FILENAME
Calling chop() with default arguments
Calling sprintf() with four arguments
Cannot use a scalar value as an array
Characters we know not to be numbers.
Check that the function alias exists.
Check that the function name is valid
Constructs a new ReflectionTypeAlias.
Convert it to a high quality png file
Converts a PNG file into a WBMP file.
Create two copies of the given array.
Emit pointer to unspecialized handler
Ends sampling based xhprof profiling.
Ensure that PATH makes it through too
Get aliases of a known encoding type.
Get the constants of the given class.
Get the length (precision) of a field
Gets the Unicode version information.
Gets the color for a specified index.
Gets the current active sub iterator.
Gets the inode change time of a file.
Gets the inode of the current script.
In case of an error, it returns NULL.
In case of an error, it returns TRUE.
Initialising different format strings
Initiates a new OAuthProvider object.
It does not support alpha components.
It returns field definition as array.
It's limited to 1024 bytes in length.
Like an actual test name, do nothing.
Maps checks from HHJsonDecodeTest.php
Match *.py and contbuild config files
Modified to test empty string values.
No.of arguments greater than expected
Non-initialised session_id behaviour.
Not all servers support this feature.
Open a persistent database connection
PHP defaults to Daylight Saving Time.
Passing invalid arguments to is_dir()
Possible patterns are documented at .
Probably indicates a network problem.
Prop for visible, accessible property
Public methods are always accessible.
Reads a dbgp message from the socket.
Represents nodes with character data.
Retrieves the attributes in an entry.
Retrieves the callback function name.
Returns I/O status of current thread.
Returns e raised to the power of arg.
Returns incomplete line (End of file)
Returns the absolute value of number.
Returns the base-10 logarithm of arg.
SORT_REGULAR - compare items normally
See the FilesystemIterator constants.
Sends a command to the xdebug server.
Set the type of variable var to type.
Shift a negative value right and left
Shift a positive value right and left
Structural subtyping of ad-hoc shapes
Suppress free_op1 warnings on Windows
THIS FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED.
TODO I think we should bail out here.
TODO move this to a expectf if we can
TODO: Add more encoding, strings.....
Test array_change_key_case() when: 1.
Test basic functionality of current()
Test basic functionality of readdir()
Test basic functionality of scandir()
Test case pretty much stolen from www
Test for the datefmt_format  function
Test operator that was not overloaded
Test parsing float number as integer.
Test returning matches functionality.
Testing chop() : with heredoc strings
Testing crc32() : basic functionality
Testing strtok() for error conditions
Testing with miscellaneous Permission
Tests taken from GMPs own test suite.
The available flags are listed below.
The available modes are listed below.
The default is to convert everything.
The path where the binary is located.
The task has packets left to process.
This command is identical to running:
This file is automatically generated.
This is an interface to getrusage(2).
This parameter is defaulted to FALSE.
This should call C1::foo, not D1::foo
This should call C2::foo, not D2::foo
This should call C3::foo, not D3::foo
Try subtracting from expected result.
Try to set/get a collation attribute.
Two arguments, less than expected no.
Use ArrayObject::offsetSet() instead.
Used as a sentinel type in 86pinit().
Using specialized executor by default
With non existent comparison function
Won't crash if less than 3 zeros here
Writes a full namespaced element tag.
ZipArchive::ER_MEMORY Malloc failure.
add some CURLOPT to the second handle
and also return them as return values
associative array with different keys
associative array with duplicate keys
call f1, default return value is NULL
change a CURLOPT in the second handle
change into the PHP source directory.
check values of URL related constants
chmod file to 0777 to enable deletion
chmod to enable deletion of directory
class declaration for integer objects
class string  The current class name.
compare the results with what we sent
convert to int for the test output...
create a file in the middle directory
create a file in the script directory
daylight saving time is not in effect
different values for 'input' argument
dump the array to see that its intact
echo "*** Trying Strlen With Float" .
ensuring that it is only for E_STRICT
escape sequence chars with key values
float array with scientific notations
foo is foobar You can also use arrays
fopen with interesting windows paths.
ftell on a file handle which is unset
function having 2 declared parameters
generate different failure conditions
getting resource type for file handle
hide errors from interrupted syscalls
if this is a cgi test, prepare for it
initial sanity checks for no overflow
insert a new element with int key -10
lets see if the server agrees to that
loop through each values for 'ending'
main script definition continues here
method f1 demostrates self and parent
need a bigger string, with big output
note that gzeof is an alias to gzeof.
note that there is no savepoint my...
now we should try mysqli_stmt_reset()
overwrite first 400 bytes in the file
passing by reference explored further
paypal with Cyrillic spoof characters
positional args should be typechecked
prepare a holder for the test results
reading file when file pointer at end
set URL and other appropriate options
set default for non stored class name
set up temp mailbox with  simple msgs
set up temp mailbox with 1 simple msg
should print 'zero' test static array
size of soft link fill data into file
some initial cases for the simplifier
substr returns false on empty strings
succeeds (the object just isn't used)
test portable POSIX characters 0..127
the array is with two elements in it.
the stack size + some random constant
this bucket will trigger the segfault
this gives invalid args to shell_exec
user abstract class abstract function
we need exclusive access for a moment
will be initialized upon first access
with boolean value as second Argument
with numbers range as second Argument
yippie - we can create databases etc.
"man 3 clock_getres" for more details.
'" listed for update is not installed.
******************** Private functions
******************** Protected getters
-1 is just a valid filename on windows
@func       mixed   The function name.
@name       mixed   The property name.
@obj        mixed   The object to add.
@return     mixed   The current flags.
@return     mixed   The current value.
@return - The normalized error string.
@return The current entry's file type.
@return Whether the current entry is .
@return int - Returns the calling line
@return mixed - Domain name in unicode
@return string - The converted string.
@value      mixed   The value to push.
Actually send a command to the server.
All string data must be UTF-8 encoded.
An asynchronous MySQL connection pool.
And now the collection-y type settings
Arguments less than minimum no.of args
Attempts to rename oldname to newname.
BELOW THIS ISN'T PART OF THE ZEND API.
Block and wait for xbox task's result.
Call a function, like call_user_func()
Calling sprintf() with three arguments
Calling strcspn() with three arguments
Can have custom class named ImmVector.
Can't add since it isn't more specific
Check determining failure error codes.
Check if C has public method publicFoo
Check if C has static method staticFoo
Check if the pattern has been changed.
Check if we are already disabled first
Checking if all lines are still usable
Checks if one ore more APC keys exist.
Class for basic test case construction
Converts a JPEG file into a WBMP file.
Copyright 2008 the V8 project authors.
Copyright 2009 the V8 project authors.
Copyright 2013 the V8 project authors.
Copyright 2014 the V8 project authors.
Create a blank image and add some text
Create a table of function designators
Definitions for mappings *to* Unicode.
Different heredoc strings to be sorted
Ensure counter is advanced during loop
Ensure that an invariant is satisfied.
FIXME(t4599379): This is a Traversable
Fatal error, script execution will end
For the stream wrapper to stat a file.
Force Typing_subtype.sub_string to run
Format the number using the new value.
GET_LOCK("phptest") should be released
Generate handler for undefined opcodes
Get the color index for the background
Get the current field (column) number.
I'm trying to make this work, but get:
ICU treats this as as two code points.
If FALSE, no information will be sent.
If larger than 1D, we have no mapping.
If needle is not found, returns FALSE.
If not specified it will default to 0.
In case of an error, it returns FALSE.
Inherited to test behaviour of usort()
Init optional values to default values
Internal macro MYSQL_REPORT_STMT_ERROR
Less number of arguments than expected
Less than expected number of arguments
Look for globally installed cpplint.py
More number of arguments than expected
More than expected number of arguments
Must be greater than or equal to zero.
NULL is returned if no error occurred.
Needs 'data type' and argument to vary
Node gets destroyed during removeChild
Not an INSERT, API value must become 0
Otherwise, see if we have a diff file.
PDO::ERRMODE_WARNING: Raise E_WARNING.
Posts an xbox message without waiting.
PropD for visible, accessible property
PropU for visible, accessible property
Refer to this list of noise constants.
Refer to this list of pixel constants.
Remove the directory if already exists
Replace a few nodes in the splay tree.
Replace headers with existing sources.
Representations a database collection.
Restrict this test case to the basics.
Return false Return results as array()
Return the key of the current element.
Returns all attributes with given key.
Returns this pointer bound to closure.
SORT_STRING - compare items as strings
See if framework is already installed.
See include_path for more information.
See socket_create() for the full list.
Select a previously unused mark value.
Serialize the handles and let them go.
Server needs some think-time sometimes
Set Framework information for install.
Set detection order by enumerated list
Sort an array using Lithuanian locale.
String, Array and Object are accepted.
TODO getAttribute() does not handle it
Test ImmMap's materialization methods.
Test array_key_exists() for ImmVector.
Test basic functionality of array_diff
Test basic functionality of closedir()
Test cos with a different input values
Test mb_strtolower with zero arguments
Test mb_strtoupper with zero arguments
Test sin with a different input values
Test tan with a different input values
Test that ImmSets can be cast to bool.
Test with less arguments than required
Testing sscanf() : basic functionality
Testing strspn() : basic functionality
Testing strtok() : basic functionality
Testing with unexpected argument types
Tests how array_diff_assoc compares 1.
Tests that no strict warning is issued
That is we cannot decrease visibility.
The 2-legged flow, or request signing.
The default type is byte array (0x02).
The other INPUT_* can be used as well.
The second arg is supposedly required.
The time returned is a Unix timestamp.
The types are not statically knowable.
Then that pattern is used, plus the G.
This can be used to see the log level.
This can be useful to report progress.
This constant is mapped to ::RS for BC
This function will return -1 on error.
This is equivalent to sqrt(x*x + y*y).
This is proper usage of closeCursor().
This should show the identical warning
Throws ImagickPixelException on error.
Try specifying an incorrect attribute.
U+00F1 LATIN SMALL LETTER N WITH TILDE
Unsetting array indexes should be fine
Used by closure and internal purposes.
We generate our own only if necessary.
Wrapper around ICU ucol_getStrength().
Wrapper around ICU ucol_setStrength().
Wrong parameter name in assert_options
XXX: should be __Native, not a builtin
You can override with the correct type
all instance properties get serialized
an array containing integer references
array of arrays along with some values
array with heredocs associative arrays
associative array with key as integers
attempting to change data by reference
autocommit is on, no rollback possible
avoid infinite loop if test is failing
buffer is only relevant with native PS
callback functions int as return value
calling array_map() with null callback
can call cf1 now, as it's been defined
check if data read is of expected size
check that alias can't be set manually
check using isset and empty to confirm
checking for objects in array_search()
confirm file is deleted remove the dir
copy of input array for next iteration
create the include directory structure
creates a new object of the same type.
defining array of different len values
different heredoc strings for 'ending'
different values for 'ending' argument
draw a couple of vertical dashed lines
dump the array after element was unset
duplicate key (0), duplicate value (b)
ensure that file pointer is not at end
expected : no character should be read
extra parameter passed to array_walk()
first argument as floating point value
free some links but let index 1 remain
function to parse the http auth header
fwrite on a file handle which is unset
hide e_warning warning about timezones
identifier name starts with underscore
initialise the multi-dimensional array
key and value from array_index swapped
line integer  The current line number.
linkname used to create soft/hard link
list of arrays with/without key values
loads the SOAP request to the Document
more than expected number of arguments
note that gzgets is an alias to fgets.
note that gzread is an alias to fread.
note that the data types are different
note the differences in the array keys
now the property is the only reference
null true if not exist with expiration
okay to access static method via class
overrides only offsetGet and offsetSet
parsing __LINE__ and __METHOD__ tokens
partially typed return value used here
pass uid without setting FT_UID option
pg_escape_literal/pg_escape_identifier
piece together a windows binary distro
renaming existing file to numeric name
reset pointer, start again on step one
resource variable(dir and file handle)
return the size of the given container
rewind on a file handle which is unset
run diagnostic checks against one var.
should be readonly (PHP compatibility)
status of daylight saving time unknown
test invalid arguments : non-resources
test mapping for system function names
test namespace prefix is also included
testing chmod with a non-existing file
this makes ob_end_clean raise an error
this satisfies 1 line of code coverage
this triggers the custom error handler
use isset to see that array is not set
using directly the sub_array as pieces
very likely we do have both of them...
we sohuld have no default link anymore
with three argument less than expected
with valid php tags and invalid tokens
yes, I know it goes to the wrong place
you can specify a range of characters.
"man 3 clock_gettime" for more details.
---- same tests for byKey variants ----
1 item req, 0 rm'ed (it's already gone)
21 chars Japanese string, 21 characters
@cls        mixed   The interface name.
@code       mixed   The Exception code.
@fields     mixed   An array of values.
@name       string  Name of the method.
@param      mixed   The parameter name.
@return     mixed   A ReflectionMethod.
@return     mixed   The FilterIterator.
@return - The concatenated `ImmVector`.
@return - The error number as an `int`.
@return The current entry's group name.
@return The current entry's owner name.
@return integer timestamp  parsed value
@return mixed - The name of the socket.
@return mixed - The result as an array.
@return string - Real path of the file.
@return void    - No value is returned.
@size       mixed   The new array size.
@value      mixed   New property value.
A multi-byte character is counted as 1.
AF_INET6 IPv6 Internet based protocols.
Add required oauth provider parameters.
Adding an attribute and leaving one off
Additionally, a warning will be issued.
Adds setting to the server environment.
Again, I'd like to see an error message
All bindings remain intact after reset.
An SplFileOjbect does not have children
An ordered dictionary-style collection.
Assign in case it's a DateTimeImmutable
Calling addslashes() with all arguments
Calling mail() with mandatory arguments
Calling strspn() with default arguments
Check if specialized handler is defined
Check if we have hit the stream timeout
Check whether a detailed log is wanted.
Checks current value of a server stats.
Checks finish status of a pagelet task.
Checks if the encoding match succeeded.
Checks whether the client disconnected.
Chunks an array into size large chunks.
Coerce all the values in a traversable.
Create a new image from GD file or URL.
Decodes the given BASE-64 encoded text.
Definitions for mappings *from* Unicode
Delete link files - soft and hard links
Dependencies could not have been gotten
Each limit has a soft and a hard limit.
Explicit test as Composer depends on it
File names containing numerics, strings
Free resources associated with a result
Get all the test functions in the class
Get the paths that we know how to lint.
Helper function to build testing arrays
If not specified, default for the type.
If the call fails, it will return FALSE
If we pull/merge, the HEAD SHA changes.
In case of error, stat() returns FALSE.
Incorrect capitalization is intentional
Insert using question mark placeholders
Inserts string data at position offset.
KindOfUninit should not pass type hint.
Look for method 'method' in class 'Foo'
M (bridge) not touching bottom boundary
Make the output pretty with DOMDocument
More than  expected number of arguments
NOTE: PDO does not care about protected
Native version will cause a fatal error
Neither with libmysql nor with mysqlnd.
New instance of class C - defined below
No user specific information in status.
Normal operation with raw binary output
Only allowed when there's no arguments.
Parse all the options passed to run.php
Prevent the check for __HALT_COMPILER()
Refer to the list of gravity constants.
Refer to this list of metric constants.
Removes all entries from this container
Returns the arc sine of arg in radians.
Returns the length of the given string.
Returns the name of the field (column).
Returns the type of the field (column).
Returns the value at the specified key.
Rewind all attached Iterator instances.
Same again but suppress currency symbol
Set is an ordered set-style collection.
Set the iterator classname to the newly
Shouldn't have void as an argument type
Some control flow within a catch block.
Source code: ext/mbstring/php_mbregex.c
Specify a map containing autoload data.
Starts sampling based xhprof profiling.
Static class members will not be shown.
Structural subtyping of declared shapes
Take out strings sequences and mappings
Test acos with a different input values
Test asin with a different input values
Test atan with a different input values
Test basic functionality of mb_strlen()
Test basic functionality of rewinddir()
Test basic regex parsing functionality.
Test cosh with a different input values
Test sinh with a different input values
Test sqrt with a different input values
Test strncasecmp() with various lengths
Test tanh with a different input values
Testing array_merge with zero arguments
Testing is_dir() with base and sub dirs
Testing strcspn() : basic functionality
Testing strtok() : with heredoc strings
The first of December 2008 is a Monday.
The return value is cast to an integer.
The second copy should remain unsorted.
These exercise t___get() and t___set().
Thickness and styled are not supported.
This function is equivalent to running:
This handler is used by other handlers.
This is a generated file, do not modify
This is a valid comment inside a method
This is used for local files, not URLs.
This must be an integer greater than 0.
This should be an error, because parent
Try the most common flags for 'version'
Tweak specific SSL checks for requests.
Typechecker must consider this nullable
Unsubscribe from the specified mailbox.
Used as the base class for all closures
Used by the geometric mean computation.
Uses google's cpplint.py to check code.
We know that our class is in this list.
Without QLZ_MEMORY_SAFE this segfaults.
Wrapper around ICU ucol_getAttribute().
Wrapper around ICU ucol_setAttribute().
Wrong parameter count in assert_options
absolute bad path (note p8 msgs differ)
an array contains unsorted octal values
array to be passed to optional argument
array with default keys - string values
array with diff sub arrays to be sorted
bad pad_type - passing an undefined one
bug in mb_parse_str not following PHP's
by default PS is unbuffered - no change
callback function returning always true
calling array_map with different arrays
calling strspn() with default arguments
check the file pointer position and eof
checking for sub-arrays with in_array()
child class which inherits parent test2
class deriving the above abstract class
confirm file is deleted remove temp dir
create/set the dynamic property "color"
creating anonymous function dynamically
creating hard link to non_existent file
definitions of required input variables
expected: bool(false) uset the temp_var
expecting true delete the link file now
expecting true rename a link across dir
facebook with Cyrillic spoof characters
false true if not exist with expiration
fgets() on a file handle which is unset
first test uncompressing invalid string
fseek() on a file handle which is unset
heredoc string with only numeric values
hexadecimal representation (lower-case)
hexadecimal representation (upper-case)
https://github.com/php/php-src/pull/865
insert a new element with string key ""
loop through each value of input_values
not what a human might actually expect.
only reference to obj is in the closure
print file pointer position before read
relative bad path (note p8 msgs differ)
return mime type ala mimetype extension
seek to end of the file and try fgetc()
seek to end of the file and try fgets()
server or engine might not support this
should constant propagate "heh" to here
should work if the thread id is correct
shown if system does not have hstrerror
simple class with a variable and method
store resources in array for comparison
strict Copyright 2004-present Facebook.
strip white space and any "minus" signs
switch warning on and test return value
test for the correct behavior this time
test namespace prefix is also included.
test open for write with corrupted phar
the array is with three elements in it.
the end (yes, this is a little hack :P)
the following values may be ORed to it.
this depends on terminality calculation
this else does NOT go with the outer if
truncate it to half of its current size
try n delete the dir create the dir now
unsets local "version" in current scope
we should add ruled when to expect them
with explicit compression level, length
zval** 's', 'p', 'C' handled separately
- RecursiveRegexIterator::REPLACE: none.
- Stepping over the return from an async
@guide /hack/callables/special-functions
@index      mixed   The index being set.
@index      mixed   The offset to unset.
@return     mixed   Can return any type.
@return     mixed   The extensions name.
@return     string   The namespace name.
@return The current entry's permissions.
@return int - Returns the signal number.
@return int - The current response code.
@return int - The pthread_self() return.
@return mixed - The max of two operands.
@return mixed - The min of two operands.
@return mixed - The width of string str.
@return string - The compression method.
@value      mixed   Content of the file.
@value      mixed   The value to append.
@value      mixed   The value to insert.
Adds new attribute node attr to element.
Allow the Tany from an untemplated array
Another HPHP extension, implicit fields.
Arguments greater than maximum no.of ags
By default the return value is int(200).
By default, MYSQLI_STORE_RESULT is used.
CRYPT_EXT_DES - Extended DES-based hash.
Calling idate() with mandatory arguments
Calling sprintf() with default arguments
Calling strcspn() with default arguments
Calling striplashes() with all arguments
Cancel Awaitable, if it's still pending.
Check if C has private method privateFoo
Check if C has public property publicFoo
Check if C has static property staticFoo
Checks if multiple results are available
Checks if the key is present in the map.
Class reperesents a single PHP function.
Constructs a new ReflectionTypeConstant.
Create Collator with the current locale.
Create a new image from GD2 file or URL.
Creates an empty DOMDocumentType object.
Creating file and inserting data into it
Determines whether the script timed out.
Draws a string at the given coordinates.
Ends the current processing instruction.
Entry point for retracting a constraint.
Explicitly cast from whatever is passed.
False to fail if the key does not exist.
Fetchs a stored variable from the cache.
For simple cases, see php5_pcntl_003.php
Get a command from the user and send it.
Get information about the password hash.
Get text for collator's last error code.
Gets a list of available cipher methods.
Gets a list of available digest methods.
Gets an option value from an XML parser.
Gets the Gregorian Calendar change date.
If `0`, that means no activity occurred.
If a function call, nothing is returned.
It does not move the pointer in any way.
It works using a direct blend operation.
Leap years are taken into consideration.
Lower numbers indicate greater priority.
Make new wait handles with valid values.
Make sure that the function alias exists
Makes a copy of the file source to dest.
Makes all function names reserved words.
More efficient lookups than array_search
Normal operation with hexadecimal output
Note that this is different from xdebug.
Otherwise, returns an associative array.
Preppend test signature to output string
Received response saying we're stopping.
Red if we go from pass to something else
Refer to this list of channel constants.
Removes the specified key from this Map.
Represent date objects for the database.
Restore original attribute of the  value
Retry a few times and hope for the best.
Returns FALSE if such key already exist.
Returns base raised to the power of exp.
Returns input repeated multiplier times.
Returns the flags of the field (column).
Returns the number of values in the Set.
SORT_NUMERIC - compare items numerically
SORT_REGULAR - compare items normally 3.
SQLITE3_NULL: The value is a NULL value.
Same expression id as outside the switch
See fopen() for a list of allowed modes.
See mcrypt_module_open() for an example.
See openssl_seal() for more information.
Sets the Gregorian Calendar change date.
Similar to the Unix C unlink() function.
Simple class with more than one property
Simple class with single member variable
Skip issues not part of the linted file.
So avoiding that if we test with PHP 5.x
So check for both and do the right thing
So the first element is 1, the second 2.
Sort various arrays in specified locale.
String with curly braces, complex syntax
TEST: multiple ref counted nested arrays
Test acosh with a different input values
Test array-like iteration for ImmVector.
Test asinh with a different input values
Test atanh with a different input values
Test basic functionality of mb_strrpos()
Test behaviour of each() when passed: 1.
Test behaviour with parameter variations
Test for the datefmt_localtime  function
Test log10 with a different input values
Test not passing in a subpatterns array.
Testing array_diff_key with no arguments
Testing dir with double trailing slashes
Testing that we don't crash due to xenon
Testing variation in all argument values
Tests for end-of-file on a file pointer.
The PHP casting will fouls us otherwise.
The default character set is ISO-8859-1.
The file is streamed through the parser.
The file pointed to by handle is closed.
The second statement is always executed.
The sent data completes the transaction.
There are two special-case header calls.
This file is part of PHP-FastCGI-Client.
This function always returns TRUE value.
This function is intended to be private.
This is an interface to gettimeofday(2).
This is bogus and should produce warning
This is test 36 from the pecl extension.
This parser uses DOUBLE type by default.
This value should be generated randomly.
Throws ImagickPixelException on failure.
Truncates string str to specified width.
Turn file path into unix:///path/to/sock
Validate that we can see the first value
Validates the document based on its DTD.
Warning  The parameter must be a string.
Wrong number of parameters for  assert()
ZipArchive::ER_INVAL   Invalid argument.
__CLASS__ is the 'use'r class at runtime
a float value with more precision points
access individual elements by string key
array with default keys - numeric values
arrays to be passed to optional argument
associative array with duplicate keys 3.
associative arrays with different values
break ends "group" of case 20 statements
break ends "group" of default statements
break is not rejected here until runtime
callback function returning always false
calling strcspn() with default arguments
cases which should not yield any output.
checking file pointer position initially
checking normal operation of addcslashes
chmod to enable removing test1 directory
comment separates tokens like whitespace
compare the two stats - all except ctime
confirm file deleted delete deleted file
confirm link is deleted delete temp file
create temp file and insert data into it
creating object with members as filename
creating object with members as linkname
default action is to make a shallow copy
default when we don't know how to detect
defining array of different hexa formats
defining array of different mask strings
defining array of different start values
defining array of non-scientific formats
demonstrate that none of these are added
different data types to be iterated over
different single quoted string for 'str'
ensure that file got renamed to new name
explicit numeric keys and numeric values
extract all tests from the CI definition
extract sandcastle URL from the response
fgetss() on a file handle which is unset
find out TCP port that nobody listens on
ftp_pasv() turns on or off passive mode.
implement abstract 'AbstractClass' class
inner ones are redundant grouping parens
insert new method record into info array
invalid args type, valid argument: array
just check that there is only one length
let's try to play with stored procedures
loop through the array for size argument
multiple existence of needle in haystack
no worries - server might not support it
note that gzclose is an alias to fclose.
now we will try to unset these variables
number of remaining entries in the table
only constructors can promote parameters
opening the file in different read modes
pointless, but I need more documentation
reports an error, according to its level
resolve runtime lookups with inheritance
returns the key and value at given index
same test, with no reference to callback
store resources in array for comparison.
stored proc which returns one result set
strict Nonexisting field in ad-hoc shape
strict Should fail because no constraint
strict Should work because foo is an int
strict error: non-existent type constant
the array is with  three elements in it.
this is where we actually store elements
this should produce an out of sync error
try to allocate something in that memory
type  String containing the record type.
uid User ID of the user in numeric form.
unexpected no.of arguments in in_array()
unexpected second argument in in_array()
with characters range as second Argument
with invalid PHP tags and invalid tokens
x modes require that file does not exist
- RegexIterator::MATCH: See preg_match().
- RegexIterator::SPLIT: See preg_split().
0 if server is failed, non-zero otherwise
0, 0 is the top left corner of the image.
0x95+0x5c in script, not somewhere else "
1 sub, A0 is not valid as sole/first byte
100 pseudo-random bits generated offline.
2 sub as 2nd is potentially valid as lead
@index      mixed   The index to set for.
@name       mixed   Name of the constant.
@obj        mixed   The object to remove.
@object     mixed   The object to remove.
@return     mixed   A ReflectionProperty.
@return     mixed   No value is returned.
@return     mixed   The current position.
@return     mixed   The path to the file.
@return array - Array of thread statuses.
@return bool - If a debugger is attached.
@return float - The value of pi as float.
@return int - Returns the number of rows.
@return mixed - A new DOMDocument object.
@return mixed - An array of global state.
@return mixed - Returns FALSE on failure.
@return object - The newly created object
@return string - The specified substring.
@return string - skeleton such as "MMMdd"
@return sub path only (without main path)
@value      mixed   The value to enqueue.
@value      mixed   The value to unshift.
A connection manager for PHP and MongoDB.
Add the specified task to this scheduler.
Add the test section to call the function
All  write and create with write modes 2.
All values are treated as PDO::PARAM_STR.
Allow the Tany from a missing return type
Also you can use memcache_add() function.
Also you can use memcache_set() function.
An abstract method shouldn't contain code
An active connection to a MySQL instance.
Automatically convert results to numbers.
But does not generate a graphical output.
By default the actual locale is returned.
Calling gmdate() with mandatory arguments
Calling gzopen() with mandatory arguments
Calling wordwrap() with default arguments
Cannot manually set to not be accessible.
Check to see if this node is a text node.
Clean up the user arc config we are using
Counts the number of words inside string.
Create instance of class in the test case
Detects character encoding in string str.
Don't do anything if wordwrap is set to 0
Due to an API flaw this shall not connect
EUC-JP - No offset and encoding parameter
Ends and reports xhprof profiling result.
Executor is defined as a set of functions
Exports all methods from specified class.
Finds whether the given variable is NULL.
Four arguments, greater than expected no.
Generator hasn't reached the "return" yet
Get symbolic name for a given error code.
Get the namespace the class is in, if any
HHVM doesn't support unpacking into empty
HHVM doesn't support unpacking into isset
HHVM doesn't support unpacking into unset
HHVM has idx() built in, but PHP5 doesn't
If it fails, it calls invariant_violation
If needle is not found, it returns FALSE.
If not specified, step will default to 1.
Initialize key_comp_func of type callback
Internal only: Creates an encoding match.
It inserts end every chunklen characters.
It will give a warning closure call time.
Looks up a message in the current domain.
Make a string's first character uppercase
MongoIds are serializable/unserializable.
No way to tell what the optional type is.
Only accept SSLv3 and TLSv1.2 connections
Outputs a GD image to the given filename.
PDO::ERRMODE_EXCEPTION: Throw exceptions.
Parameters are numbered beginning with 0.
Prevent notices about undefines variables
Raw Binary Output for Empty file as input
Registers this instance as an autoloader.
Removes a stored variable from the cache.
Removes all key/value pairs from the Map.
Represents an element in an XML document.
Reset environment from any previous test.
Retrieves the full error result document.
Return the session id of the process pid.
Returns FALSE if object is not an object.
Returns a lazy iterable view of this Map.
Returns a lazy iterable view of this Set.
Returns a string containing a month name.
Returns buffer readden by stream_get_line
Returns the arc cosine of arg in radians.
Returns the type of the PHP variable var.
Rewind the Iterator to the first element.
Same again but disable grouping character
Sandcastle machines don't have arc setup.
Seek to specific position in destination.
Sets an attribute on the database handle.
Sets of removed fields must be compatible
Show that we are using custom credentials
Sort array maintaining index association.
Source code: ext/standard/data/php_date.c
Tells whether the filename is executable.
Test basic functionality of array_merge()
Test basic functionality of array_shift()
Test basic functionality of array_slice()
Test basic functionality of mb_ereg_match
Test basic functionality of mb_strtolower
Test basic functionality of mb_strtoupper
Test basic functionality of natcasesort()
Test failed so we need to report details.
Test for the datefmt_get_locale  function
Test grapheme functions (procedural only)
Test string lifted from tests/intl/utf8.h
Test that Map is put in the HH namespace.
Test that Set is put in the HH namespace.
Testing addslashes() for error conditions
Testing file with double trailing slashes
Testing file with trailing double slashes
Testing mb_ereg_match with zero arguments
Tests identity and basic helper functions
The number of rows in the current result.
The structure of the array is as follows.
The time is returned as a Unix timestamp.
Then prefix, serialie, and cast as needed
This can cause some unintuitive behavior.
This is a wrapper for a database command.
This is as unmistakably UTF-8 as it gets.
This is okay since we are in partial mode
This is the PDO way to close a connection
This is the standard DeltaBlue benchmark.
This will disable tests too upon install.
Thus +0123.45e6 is a valid numeric value.
Typechecker should detect a mismatch here
Use isset() to test if a variable is set.
Valid Range for Julian Calendar 4713 B.C.
Validate that we can see the second value
We do only the most necessary to test it.
Whether pagelet server is enabled or not.
Whether the server is going to stop soon.
You may be getting outdated dependencies.
You shouldn't use this value in a script.
ZipArchive::ER_NOZIP   Not a zip archive.
an array containing unsorted octal values
an array for checking unexpected behavior
an array that contains a referenced array
array of object values for 'val' argument
array with different values for break arg
blank line rewind the file pointer to bof
call top, should fail with corrupted heap
calls back on every new edge in the scan.
calls back on every new node in the scan.
can have arbitrary white space separators
checking for unexpected type of arguments
could be a fast-terminating __Native loop
create a reference to a modifiable lvalue
declarationn of the interface 'iTemplate'
defining an array of various char formats
delete as much output buffers as possible
different arrays used to test he function
different variations of associative array
do not run linter if there are no changes
error condition, first argument as object
file name that is created by create_files
ftruncate on a file handle which is unset
gmp_scan1 "0" bit is found at position 3.
i stands for integer with base detection.
if this is negative, we have a 32-bit int
implement abstract 'abstract_class' class
infinite loop to simulate long processing
input array with different false elements
lines with different whitespace charecter
loop through to check possible variations
mysqlnd: force seperation - create copies
negative/posative integer key value array
no-such-property error handling goes here
of arrays than callback function argument
only public, private or protected allowed
overrides both offsetExists and offsetGet
parsing should not get confused by chr(0)
path with only files and trailing slashes
reading data from the file after flushing
reading file by giving less than its size
return all the locale found in the system
sem_remove() removes the given semaphore.
should give error, not be the same as 255
should read the file in working directory
skip results, don't fetch all from server
start value variations with length values
stored proc which returns two result sets
strict Correct usage of Shapes::keyExists
string1 and string2 of same "stream" type
try various case combinations of keywords
use unset/empty/isset to check the object
used in unserialize() for unknown classes
user abstract class non-abstract function
white-space only / empty keys are skipped
whole 2-d array dumps the resulting array
(FIX IF THIS DOESN'T HAVE TO BE THE CASE).
* a simple example of passing by reference
/* NULL operand with all kinds of operands
2 sub, as 2nd is potentially valid as lead
@class_name mixed   The class name to use.
@index      mixed   The index being unset.
@iterator   mixed   The Iterator to limit.
@name       mixed   Name of the extension.
@name      string  Name of the type alias.
@return     array   An array of constants.
@return     mixed   Returns the old array.
@return     mixed   TRUE if the entry is .
@return     mixed   The filesize in bytes.
@return     mixed   The new LimitIterator.
@return     mixed   The serialized string.
@return - The value of the field (column).
@return int - Currently accumulated count.
@return mixed - A stream context resource.
@return mixed - The value of the property.
@return string - Returns the calling file.
@return string representation of exception
@return the code passed to the constructor
@serialized mixed   The serialized string.
@var integer The regular expression flags.
A poor man's FileUtil::canonicalize in PHP
Access entities and notations with values.
ActRec functions have a specific structure
Add line of code to current opcode handler
All the standard formats including offsets
Alternate between English and French meals
An immutable ordered set-style collection.
At least IIS can be configured to do this.
Binds a parameter to a statement variable.
Build a large blob that's hard to compress
Called when the next element is available.
Calling getdate() with mandatory arguments
Calling mail() with all additional headers
Calling mail() with all possible arguments
Calling str_split() with default arguments
Check if C has private property privateFoo
Check if the second copy remains unsorted.
Checking readfile() operation on hard link
Checking readfile() operation on soft link
Checks whether a file or directory exists.
Class for variation tests for a PHP method
Compile a list of all test files (*.phpt).
Converts comparison result to a character.
Don't rely on PCNTL extension being around
Draws a line between the two given points.
Embeds binary IPTC data into a JPEG image.
EnableNetworkIOStatus has to be turned on.
Execute the command in the root directory.
FIXME: HHVM doesn't support extension info
Finds out whether the extension is loaded.
Foreach over a FV with both key and value.
Generates a string of pseudo-random bytes.
Get all registered __autoload() functions.
Gets the group set of the current process.
Green if we go from something else to pass
Hexadecimal Output for Empty file as input
If a static method call, "::" is returned.
If an error occurs, split() returns FALSE.
If needle is not found, FALSE is returned.
If not given just return the current list.
Internal use constants for var arg parsing
It must consist of a single SQL statement.
It wouldn't be if C directly implemented A
Iterates over the edges in the heap graph.
Iterates over the nodes in the heap graph.
Iterates over the roots in the heap graph.
Less than the expected number of arguments
Lists the column names in specified tables
Locales cannot be instantiated as objects.
Make sure all valid ascii chars round trip
Make the current process a session leader.
NB: These will return false in server mode
Non-string salt, checking for memory leaks
Not a magic method, just here for example.
Not permitted to create hard-link to a dir
OK, results in NULL subscript some strings
Only int and string are currently allowed.
Only put this timeout if we are using hhvm
Otherwise, the previous value is retained.
Otherwise, this function will return NULL.
Outputs a GD2 image to the given filename.
PDO::ERRMODE_SILENT: Just set error codes.
Passed an array of referenced variables 2.
Passing 0 causes the seams to be straight.
Please note that needle is case sensitive.
Private function to walk the WDDX DOM tree
Regular expressions consist of four parts.
Removes the specified value from this Set.
Retrieve the entries stored in the result.
Returns FALSE if the needle was not found.
Returns the "sec" field of this timestamp.
Returns the arc tangent of arg in radians.
Returns the value at an index of an array.
Same again but use '(' for negative values
Scores are not comparable across versions.
Second character position is 1, and so on.
See hphp/hhvm/fbmake_test_ext_wrapper.php.
See test/typecheck/array_heterogeneous.php
SetProp for visible, accessible properties
Should cause a Server warning but no error
Should fail for using a non int/string key
Shouldn't be optimized, types don't match.
Sort a non-ASCII array using ru_RU locale.
Sort given array and the first copy of it.
Sort in en_US locale with SORT_STRING flag
Source code: Zend/zend_builtin_functions.c
TEST: map with int and string keys (Mixed)
TODO: there's ReflectionClass::newInstance
Test ICU specific (ie bidi) functionality.
Test basic functionality of array_values()
Test basic functionality of iconv_strlen()
Test deg2rad with a different input values
Test for handling of incorrect parameters.
Test rad2deg with a different input values
Test showing async stacks in the debugger.
Test that Pair is put in the HH namespace.
Testing stripslashes() with quoted strings
That said, `Pair`s only have two elements.
That's why we need to cause an error here.
The / is the most commonly used delimiter.
The checker should start in any-case mode.
The converse would not make sense, though.
The multi-byte encodings are not supported
The step parameter was introduced in 5.0.0
There is some duplication with this class.
This file will be binary after this point.
This function is only useful for Japanese.
This however will fail with no connection.
This is described as a "natural ordering".
This is not the class you are looking for.
This will now contain the previous warning
Thrown when unable to parse an option list
Use reset() to bring it back to beginning.
Varadic argument test, equivalent to min()
Wait for the expected number of responses.
We need to run the emulated version first.
We will OOM for sure if not for the exit()
When specified, the key must be specified.
Wrapper around ICU ucol_getLocaleByType().
alternative display function for class bar
anonymous callback function with reference
array containing elements with/witout keys
array of strings used to test the function
array of unexpected values to iterate over
array with default keys and boolean values
array with default keys and numeric values
array with default keys and numrice values
array_uintersect_uassoc() - by method call
change the dir permisson to test dir on it
check the file pointer position and if eof
checking that size of symlink remains same
class with member as object of other class
compare all stat fields except access time
counts the number of replacements made (5)
create an arc and fill it with white color
data may be in any pecl/yaml suitable type
different arrays used to test the function
different scalar variables which are unset
different values for directory permissions
download the packages into the destination
e.g. PHPUnit 3.7.28 by Sebastian Bergmann.
force conversion of inner stream to STDIO.
gid Group ID of the group in numeric form.
if this is a cgi, remove the headers first
if we haven't reached our startpoint, skip
include common file related test functions
include file.inc for create_files function
increases code coverage by having ufp open
initialize the array having duplicate keys
insert a new element with string key "red"
limits to 5 replacements returns 444444789
make sure we are allowed to call functions
methods irrelevent for conversion purposes
more than the expected number of arguments
nope: force explicit cast to int or string
null test px (millisecond expiration time)
offset value variations with length values
okay to use a string containing class name
on mysqlnd level this would not be allowed
owner has rw only, other and group has rwx
passed an array of referenced variables 2.
remove files while going through directory
request to unset a non-existent is ignored
self::class is the 'use'r class at runtime
session_badconf_prefix from pecl extension
should by unresolved type inside a typevar
step should be given as a positive number.
strict Make sure we block this trickiness:
strict Nonexisting field in declared shape
submodules end up with a file called .git.
symlink to a symlink using a relative path
test end of range equal to transition time
this might cause a warning - no index used
try isset/unset/empty on a member function
use get_class_methods to see effect if any
use the context argument with include path
variable value change shall have no impact
visibility and static ordering unimportant
we do not have spl_autoload_registered yet
with current handle delete temporary files
with default as well as optional arguments
* checkout the type and value of the result
- Stepping over the return from a generator
0 is stdin, 1 is stdout, while 2 is stderr.
16 + 4 (dynamic properties - always string)
@index      mixed   An offset to check for.
@index      mixed   The offset to retrieve.
@it         mixed   The iterator to append.
@name       mixed   The name of the method.
@note This is an engine internal interface.
@obj        mixed   The object to look for.
@object     mixed   The object to look for.
@return     mixed   The current node value.
@return - The server version as a `string`.
@return The current entry's size in bytes .
@return int - Low level ObjectData pointer.
@return int - Returns a the servers status.
@return int - Returns the peak memory usage
@return mixed - Returns the chunked string.
@return mixed - Returns the filtered array.
@return mixed - Returns the reversed array.
@return mixed - Returns the uuencoded data.
@return string - Returns an escaped string.
@return string - Returns the padded string.
@return string - Returns the visual string.
A class that interfaces SQLite 3 databases.
Activates the circular reference collector.
Add this constraint to the constraint graph
Advance this iterator forward one position.
Also you can use memcache_close() function.
Also you can use memcache_flush() function.
Available since PHP 5.1.0 and Libxml 2.6.7.
BUG: there's no call to parent::__construct
CURL_MULTI_GETCONTENT TEST CREATE RESOURCES
Callback function which returns always true
Calling array_rand() with default arguments
Calling array_rand() with optional argument
Calling finfo_open() with different options
Calling gmmktime() with mandatory arguments
Calling gzencode() with mandatory arguments
Calling strftime() with mandatory arguments
Calling touch() with all possible arguments
Check if database exists and is exhaustive.
Check if error code equals to expected one.
Check that literal syntax works for ImmSet.
Check whether user test dirs are requested.
Children are inserted in the correct order.
Collections tests from HHJsonDecodeTest.php
Consider using prepared statements instead.
Content from file is from libiconv testkit.
Copyright 2006-2008 the V8 project authors.
Create the client and send/receive the data
Creates a new mailbox specified by mailbox.
Defaults to the ReadWriteTimeout value set.
Do this thing with a non-scalar initializer
Draw an ellipse to fill with a black border
Emit code that dispatches to opcode handler
Emit pointer to handler of undefined opcode
Ensure you can define a constant named type
Even if there is another comment inbetween.
Explicit override of the native magic prop.
Fields are specified by "fieldname" : bool.
Finds out the DN of an entry in the result.
Foo can be used as int, but not the reverse
Formats the given dbgp response for output.
Generate the Node, and a pretty name for it
Generates code for opcode handler or helper
Get a certain row in the current row block.
Get the error text from the last operation.
Get the iterator for the rows in the block.
Handle persistent key at front of save_path
If an error occurs, spliti() returns FALSE.
If undefined, the first field is retrieved.
If you are writing sharding tools, read on.
In all cases, FALSE is returned on failure.
Include a file that has no return statement
Intended to be set by the benchmark driver.
It gets data returned from the system call.
Japanese name with mixed kanji and hiragana
Join container elements with a glue string.
Just print out pertinent error information.
Just skip over the test names or test file.
Keys are used to do more restrictive check.
Maps do not have "copy-on-write" semantics.
Maybe we are in OSS land trying this script
Modify the local copy of an element's value
NOTE: this will NOT update dbl_ddls counter
No bug, but slightly different behaviour...
Note that the data itself is not encrypted.
Null should fallback to default separators.
Options used by lInsert and similar methods
Patch the code (keep your fingures crossed)
Pear is a current example of this behavior.
Potentially an infinitely-growing map type.
Record 'DocumentFragment is empty' warnings
Records that this constraint is unsatisfied
Removes all traces of c from this variable.
Removes attribute oldnode from the element.
Removes the specified key from this Vector.
Retrieve a path to the loaded php.ini file.
Retrieves a node specified by its nodeName.
Returns status of different server threads.
Returns the last key in the current `Pair`.
Returns the number of values in the ImmSet.
Returns the number of values in the Vector.
Reverses the values of the Vector in place.
SORT_NUMERIC - compare items numerically 4.
Set/Get the HTTP output character encoding.
Sets do not have "copy-on-write" semantics.
Sets the nonce for all subsequent requests.
Should fail because the bool const is bogus
Signifies we have provide a session handler
Source code: ext/standard/basic_functions.c
Source code: ext/standard/formatted_print.c
Splat unpacking and repacking with new args
Strip spaces, then look for the : separator
TODO - determine this from SVN branche name
TODO: no way to check ATTR_TIMEOUT settings
TODO: this will need a hopt to enable throw
Test Basic functionality of mb_substr_count
Test base64_encode with single byte values.
Test basic functionality of iconv_strrpos()
Test for the datefmt_get_datetype  function
Test for the datefmt_get_timetype  function
Test how array_diff compares arrays that 1.
Test indexed array with strings as elements
Test tcp:// socket streams with SSL enabled
Test the following: - Stepping over yeilds.
Test whether a string has a specific suffix
Testing array_diff_uassoc with no arguments
Testing str_shuffle() : basic functionality
Testing stripslashes() for error conditions
The entry specified by dn is renamed/moved.
The error code consists of five characters.
The function tries to avoid breaking words.
The session is set by MySSLContextProvider.
The special value * matches all namespaces.
The supplied value must be between 0 and 1.
This Set will have an initial capacity of 3
This class consists only of static methods.
This function is the inverse of imap_uid().
This is beyond the control of the driver...
This is sweeping the problem under the rug.
This is useful when handling a fatal error.
Turn off autocommit using a server variable
Unexpected values to be passed as arguments
Unregisters this instance as an autoloader.
Valid with cost the same, additional params
array containing elements with/without keys
array with single and double quoted strings
bump up ref count to make a MapVariant copy
but changing with an actual calendar should
calls Vector::offsetGet(1), retrieving "up"
can call ucf1 before its definition is seen
check internal encoding is now set to UTF-8
check that default alias can be overwritten
check the filesize and display file content
checking for sub-arrays with array_search()
checking for unexpected number of arguments
compact variations - arrays with references
count() does not detect infinite recursion.
create a new iterator of the required type.
create a object of each class defined above
create file with following type of contents
create files within the temporary directory
creating an array of strings to be compared
defining array of different heredoc strings
defining array with keys as heredoc strings
defining varous strings with embedded nulls
delete file with name fwrite_variation1.tmp
delete file with name fwrite_variation2.tmp
delete file with name fwrite_variation3.tmp
delete file with name fwrite_variation4.tmp
enforced immediately with TUnrelated parent
ensure none of the dir tar files were freed
establish a new un-caught exception handler
expecting: value will be replaced by 'NULL'
expecting: value will be replaced by 'TRUE'
fb_handle_error defaults to array() in PHP5
fetch params passed to zend_parse_params*()
file pointer position close the file handle
function name with mixed string and integer
include the header for common test function
incomplete header  Code: 7  Highly unusual.
increment/decrement operators : '++' , '--'
is_writeable() is an alias of is_writable()
lets hope this is an invalid attribute code
loop through element of values for 'ending'
loop through the array for 'array' argument
make sure there's no regression in matching
minimum int divided by -1, shouldn't sigfpe
mixed value array with different key values
now the isset() with both the args as unset
on output this means output encoding fails.
pices as associative array (numeric values)
read file by giving size more than its size
rename the src dir to a new dir in dest dir
request to unset an inaccessible is ignored
require a file that has no return statement
reset the internal pointer to first element
retrieve endpoints from the endpoint server
returns an iterator of the appropriate type
session_basic.php from pecl extension tests
start in list at this endpoint debug output
storing size of symlink in a local variable
strict Make sure we can't instantiate enums
strict Should fail because FOO is a newtype
strict Should fail because it doesn't match
strings containing numbers /* whole-numbers
suffix removal checks with trailing slashes
symlink to a symlink using an absolute path
test copying of a phar with mounted entries
test fflush() with handle to symbollic link
test is_executable() with invalid arguments
test the effects of touch() on stats of dir
test using variables that are not instances
this one was already deleted from the cache
try not to segv when you have no arguments:
unrechable, but make the typechecker happy.
using built-in function 'chr' as 'callback'
value of Z isn't available to the pre-class
when no offset is given, use read position.
'input' array containing objects as elements
'z' must be set explicitly in this function.
@index      mixed   The index being checked.
@iterator   mixed   The iterator being used.
@param int numerator - Number to be divided.
@position   mixed   The position to seek to.
@priority   mixed   The associated priority.
@return     mixed   An ArrayIterator object.
@return     mixed   The current array entry.
@return     mixed   The current array index.
@return     mixed   The exported reflection.
@return - The type of the field as an `int`.
@return int - Previous security preferences.
@return int - Returns the protocol number, .
@return key() since that is the name we need
@return mixed - Returns the iteration count.
@return mixed - Returns the resulting array.
@return mixed - Returns the resulting value.
@return mixed - The prefix of the namespace.
@return string - Returns the altered string.
@return string - Returns the decoded string.
@return string - Returns the encoded string.
@return string - Returns the encrypted data.
@return string - Returns the escaped string.
@return string - base skeleton, such as "Md"
@return whether the current entry is a link.
@size       mixed   The size to truncate to.
@var string The regular expression to match.
A micro second is one millionth of a second.
AF_UNIX Local communication protocol family.
Adds this constraint to the constraint graph
Also you can use memcache_delete() function.
Array with duplicate string and integer keys
Ask phabricator to display it on the diff UI
Attach metadata to the caller's stack frame.
Body parts are not decoded by this function.
Callback function which returns always false
Calling gmdate() with all possible arguments
Calling gzopen() with all possible arguments
Calling localtime() with mandatory arguments
Calling strspn() with all possible arguments
Calling syslog() with all possible arguments
Check for close operation on the file handle
Check if C has protected method protectedFoo
Class for variation tests for a PHP function
Constants may only evaluate to scalar values
Converts logical Hebrew text to visual text.
Data should be more than the size of a link.
Does not work - outputs parent::__toString()
Else the option is set and TRUE is returned.
Emit last handler's label (undefined opcode)
Execute the tasks managed by this scheduler.
File containing forcibly corrupted bmp image
Finds whether the given variable is numeric.
Format a number using misc locales/patterns.
Get result of an already finished Awaitable.
Get the requested, valid and actual locales.
Gets the first attribute in the given entry.
Global variable holding the current planner.
HPHP, unlike PHP, truncates overflowing ints
Has less args then the implementing function
If it works for one, it should work for all.
If seconds is zero, no new alarm is created.
If set to 0, the current process is assumed.
If the key is not present, null is returned.
In short, it does the opposite of extract().
Invalid second argument ( only 0-6 is valid)
It shall prevent any further error messages.
It will not be executed after foreach loops.
Keep track of all declared benchmark suites.
Keys are compared by user supplied function.
Let's try with just one element in the array
Locks acquired with GET_LOCK() are released.
Mark the input variable with the given mark.
Multibyte characters may be used in pattern.
MySQL Server 4.1 - charset support available
New item's value will not be less than zero.
Not every MySQL Server version supports this
Not sure whether this is strictly necessary.
Note that this comparison is case sensitive.
Note: Due to detect order, detected as UTF-8
Note: basic use cases in Zend/tests/010.phpt
Note: this is different from zend right now.
Now that this is a non-terminal, this is bad
Nullable enum supertype is still a supertype
Overloading not used on declared properties.
PHP's resource numbers start one ahead of us
Parse Errors tests from HHJsonDecodeTest.php
Remove fb_debug_backtrace from the backtrace
Represents JavaScript code for the database.
Resize this Vector to contain 'sz' elements.
Return time zone relative to given DateTime.
Returns TRUE on success or FALSE on failure.
Returns a lazy iterable view of this ImmMap.
Returns a lazy iterable view of this ImmSet.
Returns a lazy iterable view of this Vector.
Returns code coverage data collected so far.
Returns the first key in the current `Pair`.
Scalar types tests from HHJsonDecodeTest.php
Sends the specified data through the socket.
Set internal_encoding to empty and try again
Set the real user ID of the current process.
Subclasses may provide richer functionality.
Tells whether a file exists and is readable.
Test ImmMap's PHP-accessible public methods.
Test basic functionality of array_diff_assoc
Test format with input as a localtime :array
Test fscanf() to scan a file to read objects
Test indexed array with integers as elements
Test setAttribute with ATTR_STATEMENT_CLASS.
Test that ImmSet is put in the HH namespace.
Test usort() when comparison function is: 1.
Testing fgetcsv() to read from an empty file
The default value of 0 means no restriction.
The special value * matches all local names.
The string of code must be valid JavaScript.
There's gotta be a cleaner way to do this...
They will now be removed with the array_diff
This applies to both sprintf() and printf().
This function will recur into deeper arrays.
This function will turn output buffering on.
This is only meaningful in a pagelet thread.
This is typically used to add extra headers.
This method is not part of the DOM standard.
This parameter is not automatically encoded.
This should not call C::foo, it should fatal
This test is failing due to this wrogn check
Try deleting a file which is already deleted
Update an existing old value to a new value.
Use this instead of unlink to avoid warnings
Useful for showing progress as a percentage.
Valid Range for Gregorian Calendar 4714 B.C.
When not supplied, all channels are blurred.
ZipArchive::ER_EXISTS   File already exists.
a variable that is referenced to an array 2.
add the interval to the start date 'n' times
arc demands certain permission on its config
args more than expected, expected 1 argument
array of different values for 'val' argument
array of inputs for 'replace_pairs' argument
array of values with indices to iterate over
bad hostname (connect should work, not bind)
change dir permission to allow all operation
change the CURLOPT_URL for the second handle
check associativity -- NOT the same as C/C++
check high bit of first character always set
checking information of link with linkinfo()
comment this out and it works in PHP 5 too..
conformance to Unicode 5.2, section 3.9, D92
constants irrelevent for conversion purposes
create temporary array in case rsort() works
creating an array with resources as elements
define a default un-caught exception handler
defining arrays for input strings and tokens
dump and see if its destroyed, expcted: NULL
echo "Testing int with null null constant" .
error: as wrong datatype for second argument
error_get_last() didn't available in handler
expecting true rename a hard link across dir
force conversion from tuple-like to vec-like
get the thread ids of the two connections...
greek in UTF-8 to be converted to iso-8859-7
https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/2408
https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/3094
https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/3096
https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/3899
https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/4084
https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/4086
identical to at, implemented for ArrayAccess
implicit close (called by shutdown function)
initialize the array having duplicate values
keys are created from sub iterators position
make sure any multibyte output is in base 64
mysqlnd is a bit more verbose than libmysql.
no inverse, outputs nothing, result is FALSE
no warning, but refers to different variable
not necessary, just to show the error sooner
owner has read only, other and group has rwx
reduce visibility to future, derived classes
request to unset a declared accessible is OK
see if we're rounding negative numbers right
sin() returns the sine of the arg parameter.
static::class is the 'use'r class at runtime
strict Not matching return type of keyExists
temp dir renaming a directory and check stat
test start of range equal to transition time
test the effects of rename() on stats of dir
test the effects of touch() on stats of file
test the effects of touch() on stats of link
test using a series of classes, some derived
testing empty array, should no notice at all
this satisfies another line of code coverage
tries to find "lo, world" at start of string
tripledes uses keys upto 192 bits (24 bytes)
unexpected no.of arguments in array_search()
unexpected second argument in array_search()
using xpath query with registered namespace.
verify clone by calling method on new object
- RegexIterator::GET_MATCH: See preg_match().
-1 - Query succeeded, no more results coming.
/* Boolean operand with all kinds of operands
/* Numeric strings with all kinds of operands
/* create and use byRefs via the new operator
0 should give 0, other falsey things are null
@cls        mixed   The reflection to export.
@index      mixed   The index with the value.
@index      mixed   The offset being checked.
@iterator   mixed   The traversable iterator.
@name       mixed   The reflection to export.
@obj        mixed   The reflection to export.
@refl       mixed   The reflection to export.
@return     mixed   A ReflectionClass object.
@return     mixed   The starting line number.
@return    string  The name of the type alias
@return - An `AsyncMysqlConnection` instance.
@return The current entry's last access time.
@return The current entry's last change time.
@return array - Returns an associative array.
@return mixed - An array of hardware counters
@return mixed - Returns the formatted string.
@return mixed - Returns the type of the file.
@return mixed - The UID of the given message.
@return string - Returns the modified string.
@return string - Returns the name on success.
@return string - Returns the repeated string.
@return string - Returns the reversed string.
@return string - Returns the shuffled string.
@return string - Returns the stripped string.
@return string Description of the last error.
@return string representation of the instance
@return the message passed to the constructor
@value      mixed   The value being appended.
A reduced version of Exception::__toString().
Add FILE section closing tag to the test case
Adds this constraint to the constraint graph.
All constructors should be registered as such
Also you can close it with Memcache::close().
Also you can use memcache_connect() function.
Also you can use memcache_replace() function.
Also, this function requires root privileges.
Attempts to load an SQLite extension library.
By default, an empty element will be created.
Calculate the number of title text nodes (1).
Calculate the number of title text nodes (2).
Calling array_intersect() with more arguments
Calling array_unshift() with default argument
Calling getdate() with all possible arguments
Calling gmstrftime() with mandatory arguments
Calling gzcompress() with mandatory arguments
Calling imap_close() with mandatory arguments
Calling strcspn() with all possible arguments
Cannot be used with persistent PDO instances.
Changes PHP's current directory to directory.
Checks information about the current mailbox.
Clear out the reference to destruct the array
Compares two strings in case-sensitive manner
Construct the steps in the order of execution
Create a temporary file to read the data from
Date at which Sun is up all day at North Pole
Date at which Sun is up all day at South Pole
Deactivates the circular reference collector.
Declares the attribute name to be of type ID.
Deletes a particular entry in LDAP directory.
Direct: relative (from containing file path).
Displays fatal errors with this PHP document.
Do some guesswork as to the key and the value
Don't override if we have an ini file already
Executes a query and returns a single result.
Finds whether the given variable is a scalar.
Finds whether the given variable is an array.
For case-insensitive searches, use stristr().
Get HTTP information about the last response.
Get/set various number formatting attributes.
Gets a character from the given file pointer.
Gets information about the current CPU usage.
Gets the value of a PHP configuration option.
HTML comments and PHP tags are also stripped.
If db is not specified, "admin" will be used.
If negative, then there was a select failure.
If string is an array then array is returned.
Internal helper function for load()/loadXML()
It does not return position of latter string.
Lastly, test the newly added format parameter
Loop through each element of values for 'str'
Make sure it doesn't change the shared value.
Many FTP servers do not support this command.
Memcache::delete() deletes item with the key.
Move all attached Iterator instances forward.
NOTE: empty string, no multiple insert syntax
Normal constraints are not input constraints.
Note: basic use cases in Zend/tests/is_a.phpt
Nothing to set here since this is the default
OK because short circuiting ops are sequenced
Only do the unix2dos thing done above already
Only here to be var_dump compatible with zend
Opening section and start of test case array.
Otherwise, it will return what handler tells.
Pass mb_internal_encoding an unknown encoding
Passing it to an 'as' constrained Bar is fine
Pooled curl handles persist between requests.
Printing the returned value from the function
Put something there if the node name is empty
Questionable, dissallowed in the type-checker
Renaming a file and directory to numeric name
Return error text for the last ICU operation.
Return the Unicode name for a given property.
Returns FALSE if called from outside a class.
Returns information about an existing stream.
Returns the last value in the current `Pair`.
Reverse the elements of this Vector in place.
See https://github.com/leafo/lessphp/pull/549
Sends an arbitrary command to the FTP server.
Sends an xbox message and waits for response.
Set the real group ID of the current process.
Should be unresolved of those two afterwards.
So the first element is 1, the second 2, etc.
Some wrong parameters, no HTTP_USER_AGENT set
Sooner or later they will be moved to c-code.
Surprise flags are checked on function entry.
Test Basic Functionality of mb_ereg_replace()
Test Basic functionality of mb_regex_encoding
Test constructing a ImmMap in different ways.
Test format and parse with a localtime :array
Test format and parse with a timestamp : long
Test that we autoload a class in another file
Testing array_intersect() with zero arguments
Testing array_walk() with an array of objects
Testing chop() : with miscellaneous arguments
Testing fseek() without using argument whence
Testing substr_replace() for error conditions
Tests for segfault if no connection available
The 'G' modifier is available since PHP 5.1.0
The file name's extension must contain .phar.
The function will leave number indices as is.
The group ID is returned in numerical format.
The method 'bar' does not exist but that's ok
The owner ID is returned in numerical format.
The paths that we actually want to report on.
The time returned is localtime (and not GMT).
This can be called before or after the query.
This does not work as well as might be hoped.
This drops the database currently being used.
This function is the inverse of imap_msgno().
This function uncompress a compressed string.
This is useful mainly for associative arrays.
This method is not used in normal operations.
This should be fine, although somewhat silly.
Timezones with required data for date_sunrise
To test this PEAR package should be installed
To use sFTP with PHP, please see ssh2_sftp().
Try to access wrong key so a Notice is raised
Using unoptimized zlib build fixes the issue.
Variation 7 : Create soft/hard link to itself
Warning: this will load the file into memory.
We don't give TCP connections a tcp:// prefix
When you supply a directory name, it is used.
With error reporting off we still get the var
XXXjit doesn't do "missing argument" warnings
`Pair` keys are always 0 and 1, repsectively.
an array contains unsorted hexadecimal values
array containing different types of variables
array of different  values for 'num' argument
chain: Parent record to merge with ipv6 data.
check the isset and unset on non existing key
child class which inherits parent class test1
child class which inherits parent class test2
child class which inherits parent class test3
child class which inherits parent class test4
combination of numeric and associative arrays
confirm file is deleted now close file handle
defining array with values as heredoc strings
display the file content, check the file size
don't care about date() strict TZ warnings...
dump the point to see that variable was unset
empty to check if empty, expecting bool(true)
end of inner for loop delete the file created
ensure thta file pointer is at eof close file
exception must be throwed from error handler.
exclusive/without comments using xpath query.
figure out additional DLL's that are required
found valid element in current inner iterator
get the file pointer to beginning of the file
getting a sibling as reference node to insert
heredoc with different white space characters
incomplete response  Code: 8  Highly unusual.
list assignment generates a new expression id
loop through each element of the array for fp
loop through each element of the array for im
loop through each element of the array for iv
mysql_list_fields()  See also pg_meta_data().
now new stat of the dir after file is created
okay to access instance property via instance
other php.net bug outputs message File Exists
path with file extension and trailing slashes
pcntl_getpriority() gets the priority of pid.
pcntl_setpriority() sets the priority of pid.
rename the link to a new name in the same dir
run a single set of tests using above options
search for resouce type in the resource array
set to access(creation time of the file) time
set to default value, with Invalid timestamps
skip API version, phar flags, alias, metadata
stderr is a pipe that the child will write to
stdin is a pipe that the child will read from
stdout is a pipe that the child will write to
strict Bad because duplicate variables on LHS
strict Test for interface trying to implement
temp dir created in present working directory
test HHVM_VERSION and HHVM_VERSION_ID matches
test join() by giving different pieces values
test readfile() with third argument : context
test the effects of rename() on stats of file
test the effects of rename() on stats of link
this next line is for increased code coverage
throw out any blank lines after these pattern
used in result table output PRIVATE VARIABLES
using language construct 'echo' as 'callback'
using language construct 'exit' as 'callback'
using reasonable numbers for these operators.
what about long values for a valid option ...
when keys are different in terms of only case
"path" - The path where information is stored.
'LATIN SMALL LETTER A WITH DIAERESIS' (U+00E4)
'LATIN SMALL LETTER O WITH DIAERESIS' (U+00F6)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/001.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/002.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/003.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/004.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/005.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/006.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/007.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/008.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/009.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/010.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/011.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/012.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/013.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/014.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/015.phpt)
(counterpart: ext/standard/tests/reg/016.phpt)
- Timeout option for running individual tests.
-1 indicates that the query returned an error.
@flags      mixed   The handling flags to set.
@name       string  Name of the type constant.
@observer   mixed   The SplObserver to attach.
@observer   mixed   The SplObserver to detach.
@return     mixed   Returns the method result.
@return     mixed   The current element value.
@return     mixed   The value at offset index.
@return     string   The name of the function.
@return - The flags of the column as an `int`.
@return Whether the current entry is readable.
@return array - An array of token identifiers.
@return array - Returns the declared variables
@return float - Returns the current time index
@return int - Number of pagelet tasks started.
@return int - Returns the current memory usage
@return int - The size of the directory entry.
@return mixed - Returns the matched substring.
@return mixed - Returns the translated string.
@return mixed - The namespace URI of the node.
@return mixed - The result string is returned.
@return number of attached Iterator instances.
@return string - Returns a URL-encoded string.
@return string - Returns string error message.
@return string - Returns the converted string.
@return string - Returns the name as a string.
@return string - Returns the resulting string.
@return string - Returns the unescaped string.
@return string - The data that have been read.
Add "Foo Comment" as comment for the foo entry
Add the specified task and mark it as running.
Add up these numbers to specify needed rights.
Adds the specified key/value Pair to this Map.
Also you can use memcache_pconnect() function.
And you can turn off wordwrap by passing in 0.
Appends raw XML data to a DOMDocumentFragment.
Arrays that have been referenced to each other
Begin an async connection to a MySQL instance.
Buffering not started yet, should return false
Calling array_intersect() with more arguments.
Calling array_reverse() with default arguments
Calling array_slice() with mandatory arguments
Calling gmmktime() with all possible arguments
Calling strftime() with all possible arguments
Change existing dependencies to the wanted tag
Check if C has protected property protectedFoo
Cleanup any left-over tmp files from last run.
Compile only: verify no c++ compilation errors
Constant name in key, constant value in value.
Construct the test case as an array of strings
Constructs the test case as a array of strings
Converts the given mime_encoded_text to UTF-8.
Copyright 1996 John Maloney and Mario Wolczko.
Create a connection to the FastCGI application
Currently only LIBXML_NOEMPTYTAG is supported.
Currently, mode is ignored and is always "rb".
Defeat any conceivable constant-folding smarts
Do not use in prod, use cachearchiver instead.
Draw a couple of brushes, each overlaying each
Drops this collection and deletes its indices.
Empty array for abstract and concrete classes.
Ensure user buffers are not flushed by flush()
Ensure we can still unserialize the old style.
Error -tests test compact with zero arguments.
Executes the program with the given arguments.
Explicitly construct an `AsyncMysqlException`.
Finds whether the given variable is a boolean.
Finds whether the given variable is an object.
For example, "MMMdd" and "mmhh" are skeletons.
For example, what tests caused the regression.
Format a number using misc currencies/locales.
Generate zend_vm_get_opcode_handler() function
Get rid of any test file and test information.
Get the numeric value for a Unicode codepoint.
Gets options on the given cURL session handle.
Give the server think-time to kill the pthread
ILlegal since Foo::class means something else.
If max_memory is zero, no memory will be used.
If the first baseline run, make both the same.
If the key is not present, `null` is returned.
If the open fails, the function returns FALSE.
If there's an issue from now on, its a failure
If we cannot open the stats file, return Fatal
In all other cases, the method should be used.
Increase memory_limit if it is lower than 512M
Initialise the 'input' and 'num_req' variables
Japanese string in UTF-8 with repeated needles
LOCK_EX to acquire an exclusive lock (writer).
Likewise, writes will always appear to succeed
Lines should not be larger than 70 characters.
Map is an ordered dictionary-style collection.
Method call on non-object using FPushObjMethod
Move this iterator back to the first position.
Must match CPU's ABI definition for SIMD usage
Nested: relative (containing file path, fail).
One more than the expected number of arguments
Order of destruction is implementation-defined
Pass an array of objects which are either:  1.
Perform the splay operation for the given key.
Position is counted from the beginning of str.
Refer to this list of alpha channel constants.
Relying on this feature is highly discouraged.
Remove strings that could change between runs.
Removes attribute named name from the element.
Returns information about a current connection
Returns the combining class of the code point.
Returns the first value in the current `Pair`.
Returns the number of elements in this ImmSet.
Returns the number of values in the ImmVector.
Returns the return code of a terminated child.
Returns the width of the given image resource.
Revert all global changes done in the archive.
SOCK_RAW Provides raw network protocol access.
Same again but use a '*' for padding character
Same again but use a '0' for padding character
Server might not support column type - skip it
Server should be within five seconds of client
Sets preserve insertion order of the elements.
Sets the OAuth version for subsequent requests
Sets the transparent color in the given image.
Should fail because bool constants not allowed
Should reject this because it uses two classes
Sleep 0.1s  to ensure the KILL gets recognized
Sort associative arrays using various locales.
Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Surprise flags are checked on backward branch.
TEST: vector with int and string vals (Packed)
Test Error functionality of iconv_get_encoding
Test adding elements in various configurations
Test array_count_values with integer arguments
Test basic functionality of array_key_exists()
Test behaviour with various visibility levels.
Test chdir() with variations of relative paths
Test for the datefmt_get_timezone_id  function
Test for the datefmt_set_timezone_id  function
Test is_subclass_of with invalid last argument
Test mb_encode_header() with different strings
Test mb_strlen when passed an unknown encoding
Test serialization/deserialization of ImmSets.
Testing array_intersect_ukey with no arguments
Testing fseek(),ftell(),rewind() functions  1.
Testing with reference types for the arguments
The TCP protocol is based on this socket type.
The UDP protocol is based on this socket type.
The area is amount of pixels divided by three.
The attribute index is converted to lowercase.
The available behavior flags are listed below.
The codepoint specific integer property value.
The cost in this case is, of course, very low.
The detector has no idea what to do with this.
The hash is a 32-character hexadecimal number.
The length required in the final serialization
The name and port must be passed by reference.
The parent of this last node is the root again
The type of failure that produced this result.
This function checks if the node has children.
This isn't really a difference method, it lies
This means any string or int will be accepted.
This method checks if the node has attributes.
This method is called after each foreach loop.
This script will generate a Seg Fault on Linux
This should only be listed once in the output.
This test is sensitive to what gets jitted vs.
This typically occurs when APC is not enabled.
Three comes from 'RGB', three values per pixel
Typedefs are in the same namespace as classes.
Unserialize previously fb_serialize()-ed data.
Use after and ensure refcounts are still real.
Valid UTF-8 sequence returns code point count.
Vectors do not have "copy-on-write" semantics.
Verify that the splay tree has the right size.
We can use the underlying seek implementation.
We can't construct a Map or ImmMap from a Set.
We're testing sort order not errors so ignore.
Zend drops this set without a notice or fatal.
add portion to test setting stub from resource
additional array to be passed for intersection
anonymous callback function with null argument
applying shuffle() function on the input array
can only create a hardlink if the file exists.
convert_uudecode() decodes a uuencoded string.
cos() returns the cosine of the arg parameter.
creating directories, symbolic links and files
different heredoc strings empty heredoc string
different scalar/nonscalar values for 'source'
doesn't fatal, raises strict standards warning
e.g. Add/delete elements, unset elements, etc.
equivalent to above, just has explicit operand
followed by zero or more / all more than once.
for each handlers in helpers in original order
ftell on a file handle which is already closed
gather all the locales installed in the system
heredoc with quoted strings and numeric values
in the version strings and also inserts dots .
include the common file related test functions
include the file.inc for common test funcitons
initializes a global, creating it if necessary
just checking it can be default-constructed...
last host specification should be the one used
length parameter given,not reading entire file
lets go crazy and create a few pconnections...
libiconv(1.8) doesn't know "UTF8" but "UTF-8".
loop through each element of the array for ...
loop through each element of the array for ar1
loop through each element of the array for ar2
loop through each element of the array for day
loop through each element of the array for gid
loop through each element of the array for key
loop through each element of the array for min
loop through each element of the array for mon
loop through each element of the array for obj
loop through each element of the array for pid
loop through each element of the array for red
loop through each element of the array for sec
loop through each element of the array for sig
loop through each element of the array for str
loop through each element of the array for uid
loop through each element of the array for url
loop through each element of the array for var
loop through to find the length of each string
maximum packet size up to which we test is 10M
mixed value array with different types of keys
no result set, one input, one output parameter
not in plan already and eligible for inclusion
note that gzpassthru is an alias to fpassthru.
ok, because we might not be allowed to do this
one more than the expected number of arguments
prepend the "glob://" prefix if it isn't there
see hphp/runtime/vm/bytecode.h:kMaxBuiltinArgs
see what happens if I jump into a if statement
should be equal to closing to my understanding
sleep for a while to allow msg to be delivered
solution: referencing the first element first:
sum of array containing different float values
temporary addition for Kent's setup, Win32 box
test relative directories and stream contexts.
test the effects of is_dir() on stats of a dir
test the effects of is_link() on stats of link
the reference doesn't persist across the clone
to make sure the array's life cycle is correct
try to truncate it to size bigger then current
ttl  "Time To Live" remaining for this record.
using built-in function 'is_int' as 'callback'
utime - user time used by the current process.
windows system dlls that should not be bundled
write attribute_ns without start_element first
writes "goodbye", then destructors are called.
'LATIN SMALL LETTER A WITH RING ABOVE' (U+00E5)
(int)(PHP_INT_MAX / 3) gives a different result
/* based on finding from above, further testing
3  message is appended to the file destination.
@name       mixed   The method name to reflect.
@param count : The total size of the container.
@return     mixed   An array of modifier names.
@return     mixed   Can return all value types.
@return - The last value in the current `Pair`.
@return - The name of the column as a `string`.
@return MessageFormatter - The formatter object
@return The current entries path and file name.
@return Whether the current entry is writeable.
@return int - The crypto-secure random integer.
@return mixed - Returns a resource or a boolean
@return mixed - Returns the user friendly name.
@return string - A formatted version of number.
@return string - Description of the last error.
@return string - Returns the lowercased string.
@return string - Returns the uppercased string.
@return string - The result of the string cast.
@return whether the current node has sub nodes.
@serialized mixed   The serialized ArrayObject.
@session_data mixed   The encoded session data.
Adds an element to this Set and returns itself.
After a timeout period, we do return as normal.
All strings sent to the database must be UTF-8.
Also you can use memcache_decrement() function.
Also you can use memcache_get_stats() function.
Also you can use memcache_increment() function.
As such, this test had to be slightly modified.
Backwards seeking is done using rewind() first.
Begin running a query with multiple statements.
Binary safe case-insensitive string comparison.
Calling array_unshift() with optional arguments
Calling gettimeofday() with mandatory arguments
Calling localtime() with all possible arguments
Calling str_split() with all possible arguments
Check whether the given Awaitable has finished.
Compares two strings in case-insensitive manner
Connections on which no query has been send - 1
Constructs  the test case as a array of strings
Container for all possible variation test cases
Copy the elements of an iterator into an array.
Create an array containing a range of elements.
Create results for the framework that just ran.
Decodes encoded-word string str in MIME header.
Default value is defined by mysql.default_user.
Defaults to -1 (read all the remaining buffer).
Enabling debugging using original zend_vm_def.h
Fetch times from cache and from the stamp file.
Finds whether the given variable is a resource.
First is valid callback, second is valid array.
Generate zend_vm_call_opcode_handler() function
Get a certain field (column) value as an `int`.
Get the namespace qualified (if any) class name
Gets information about a group provided its id.
Gets line number for where the node is defined.
Gets the class for the reflected type constant.
However, the bug is about malloc() and efree().
If the file does not exist, it will be created.
If x is specified, white space will be ignored.
If you want typed values, use `mapRowsTyped()`.
It is better not to use ASCII strings for keys.
It is only checked under certain circumstances.
Localized patterns are not currently supported.
Make sure this function shows up in a backtrace
Maps only support integer keys and string keys.
Method call on non-object using FPushObjMethodD
More than valid number of arguments i.e. 3 args
Most offsets tested in strtotime-relative.phpt.
Namespace declarations occur inside start tags.
Parameter expire is expiration time in seconds.
Prints the entries of a Vector in sorted order.
Purges the cache of entries of a specific type.
Remove this line to make array_multisort() work
Request a page so that the client can debug it.
Reset the iterator to the first field (column).
Returns NULL if there hasn't been an error yet.
Returns a lazy iterable view of this ImmVector.
Returns a string with backslashes stripped off.
Returns the MySQL error number for this result.
Returns the height of the given image resource.
Returns the pixel width of a character in font.
Returns timestamps of different request events.
Returns true iff the given message is a stream.
Returns whether code coverage has been started.
Run operation a few times before starting timer
SIGINT handler that sends a dbgp break command.
Set the argument list to call the subject with.
SetM and CGetM with an object base on the stack
Sets blocking or non-blocking mode on a stream.
Specialcasing of equality for hack collections.
Static and instance array using class constants
Tells whether the given file is a regular file.
Test binding params via emulated prepared query
Test format with input as a timestamp : integer
Test stepping with exceptions in continuations.
Test that ImmSets can be compared for equality.
Test that ImmVector is put in the HH namespace.
Testing strtok() : with different token strings
The coordinates refer to the upper left corner.
The following members are overridden in class P
The row has values associated with each column.
The task is running and is currently scheduled.
The tested node have to be an XML_ELEMENT_NODE.
The two failing frameworks are Monolog and ZF2.
Therefore, there will be no data in the buffer.
This creates a fresh copy of all database data.
This doc comment is so helpful and descriptive.
This is going to take the strTestResult branch.
This is one of the IntlDateFormatter constants.
This is the cleanest way of getting a database.
This is the runtime version of DomainException.
This is useful for diagnose why server crashed.
This method is not meant to be called directly.
This returns an exponentially-smoothed average.
This string includes an invalid UTF-8 sequence.
Unlike strpos(), stripos() is case-insensitive.
Various input arrays for different format types
We recommend the use of imagecreatetruecolor().
With one more than expected number of arguments
Wraps a string to a given number of characters.
Writes an end tag even if the element is empty.
Wrong number of parameters for assert_options()
additional argument passed to callback function
array of different values for 'input' parameter
array_filter preserves keys, so we do the same.
by default, the pointer is on the first element
create a child object implementing array access
create a proxy object implementing array access
create file, read the file content, delete file
don't ask, and don't send results to QA if true
echo "Testing int with default null constant" .
enable below to get the output in verbose mode.
expected: value will be replaced by 'bool_key3'
expected: value will be replaced by 'null_key2'
function name with string and special character
get two or three function names to play with...
include for create_files/delete_files functions
insert 2 elements to hit our overridden compare
key_exists() is the same as array_key_exists().
loop through each element of the array for arg1
loop through each element of the array for args
loop through each element of the array for arr1
loop through each element of the array for arr2
loop through each element of the array for base
loop through each element of the array for blue
loop through each element of the array for code
loop through each element of the array for data
loop through each element of the array for flag
loop through each element of the array for hour
loop through each element of the array for info
loop through each element of the array for mask
loop through each element of the array for mode
loop through each element of the array for part
loop through each element of the array for path
loop through each element of the array for size
loop through each element of the array for time
loop through each element of the array for year
loop through to test strrchr() with each needle
msg_perm.gid The gid of the owner of the queue.
mysqli.default_socket requires non-empty string
no break, but then none is really needed either
non-integer type of data resource type variable
null will convert to this and do what we expect
ok, great we can create a file with a DSN in it
open file in each access mode and get meta data
perform the read file at least 6 char and check
precision The numeric precision of this column.
print results based on info in global variables
prints the return value from shuffle() function
re-assign reference variable to different value
read from file, by giving the file actual size,
reading the contents of the file after flushing
rewind on a file handle which is already closed
separate testcase for str_ireplace() off-by-one
session_badconf_emptyprefix from pecl extension
simple class with members - variable and method
symlink to a regular file using a relative dest
tan() returns the tangent of the arg parameter.
test join() by passing different glue arguments
test the effects of truncate() on stats of file
the important part here are the indexes 1 and 2
try to truncate it and display the file content
when this task is fixed or o_id on static calls
with some special characters as second Argument
"Russia" in Cyrillic with Latin spoof characters
' and " are escaped only if they are not paired.
'LATIN CAPITAL LETTER O WITH DIAERESIS' (U+00D6)
- this gives a different control flow inside PDO
/* strings ending in non-alphanumeric characters
@count      mixed   Optional count of the limit.
@newval     mixed   The new value for the index.
@param    array   Array to look for an index in.
@return     mixed   A ReflectionClass, or false.
@return     mixed   A ReflectionFunction object.
@return     mixed   Returns a copy of the array.
@return - The first value in the current `Pair`.
@return Whether the current entry is executable.
@return an Iterator for the implementing object.
@return array - Current Unicode database version
@return array - var_dump() compat output helper.
@return bool - True on success, false on failure
@return bool TRUE on success or FALSE on failure
@return int - Returns the user id, as an integer
@return mixed - By default an array is returned.
@return mixed - Returns a formatted date string.
@return mixed - Returns the last value of array.
@return mixed - Returns the portion of haystack.
@return string - HTTP response from the pagelet.
@return string - Returns the comment on success.
@return string - Returns the formatted interval.
@return string - Returns the result as a string.
@return string The opened archive's API version.
@size       mixed   The size of the fixed array.
API to tell this linter which lines were changed
Adds one or more attributes to the specified dn.
Advance the iterator to the next field (column).
By default, runs the all tests but SINGLE_SCRIPT
Calling array_intersect() with default arguments
Calling chunk_split() with default ending string
Calling finfo_file() with all possible arguments
Calling gmstrftime() with all possible arguments
Calling imap_close() with all possible arguments
Calling strip_tags() with all possible arguments
Can't wait for soapaction to be fully deprecated
Check if iterator is at a valid `AsyncMysqlRow`.
Checks the current mailbox status on the server.
Computes the geometric mean of a set of numbers.
Constrains two variables to have the same value.
Does not returns incomplete line (EOL not found)
Don't ever guess at the PHP executable location.
Either a RecursiveIterator or IteratorAggregate.
Elements are compared by user supplied function.
Enable showing stack traces on error conditions.
Escape a string for use in an LDAP filter or DN.
Finds whether the type given variable is string.
For non-null defaults, see param_tostring_hh.php
For static methods, pass null to this parameter.
Get field (column) value indexed by the `field`.
Get the details of an entry defined by its name.
Get the raw response of the most recent request.
Gets status information about the given mailbox.
Helper to try to read an argument for an option.
However unlink() clears the cache automatically.
If data is null, we're done with this benchmark.
If filename does not exist, the file is created.
If link_identifier is invalid, NULL is returned.
If no rows were affected, PDO::exec() returns 0.
If not specified, a stdClass object is returned.
If the key is not found, an exception is thrown.
If we get false back, then a header is required.
Invalid multi-byte character - missing last byte
Keys must not be numeric or start with integers.
LOCK_UN to release a lock (shared or exclusive).
Let the process pid join the process group pgid.
Loop to check for above arrays with var_export()
Note that item names are treated case-sensitive.
Note: Other than string type, PHP raises Warning
Of course, this is also true if string is empty.
On Linux, it is silently truncated to SOMAXCONN.
Opening 'fubar' with the incorrect readonly flag
Opening the existing data file again in "w" mode
Other return values are currently not available.
Otherwise we're only interested in *.phpt files.
Pass mb_strrpos() an encoding that doesn't exist
Perform a regular expression search and replace.
Prop for visible, accessible property: use __get
Read the section about  for further information.
Reads a file and writes it to the output buffer.
Remove unused free_op1 and free_op2 declarations
Repeat the data three times, to make it invalid.
Retrieves code snippets for adding to test cases
Returns a Set built from the values of this Map.
Returns an immutable version of this collection.
Returns the number of columns in the result set.
Run it via './hhmeasure (or ./hhmeasure basic)'.
Set where the OAuth parameters should be passed.
Should also include inherited properties from B.
Should succeed with CA file specified in context
Simple class with more than one member variables
Specify with a combination of following options.
TEST: sizes of classes (including private props)
Tells whether the given file is a symbolic link.
Tells whether the given filename is a directory.
Test array_merge() with multi-dimensional arrays
Test basic functionality of mb_internal_encoding
Test basic functionality of rsort() with objects
Test how array_diff_assoc() compares binary data
Test miscellaneous methods of the ImmVector API.
Test specifying non-zero parsing start position.
Testing array_intersect_uassoc with no arguments
Testing library functions as comparison function
Testing shuffle() function with array of strings
Testing the Normal behaviour of ltrim() function
Testing the Normal behaviour of rtrim() function
The call method does not take a scope parameter.
The file does not need to exist, or be readable.
The hash type is triggered by the salt argument.
The port on which the MySQL instance is running.
The value FALSE can also be returned on failure.
These values get implicitly converted to objects
This can only be called when handling a request.
This expects a number between 0 and PHP_INT_MAX.
This method is interchangeable with `toArray()`.
This method is to be used with tailable cursors.
This should indicate a man-in-the-middle attack.
This works fine if we use simplexml_load_string.
Timezone with Latitude, Longitude and GMT offset
Toplevel functions with static local singletons.
Toption(Toption(Toption(Toption(Toption(...)))))
Types array, object and resource are not scalar.
UTF-8 ASCII compatible multi-byte 8-bit Unicode.
We've tried connecting too recently, don't retry
With callback function which returns always true
Wrap them up in an array and leak them into C().
XHP attributes cannot be declared without a type
and now, the same with anonymous placeholders...
around 10 leap year periods (4000 years) in days
array values contains minimum and maximum ranges
check that user-defined alias can be overwritten
check using isset for the element that was unset
cp866 ibm866, 866 DOS-specific Cyrillic charset.
create new class from original scalar assignment
dump the object to see the effect, none expected
ensure that file pointer position is not changed
expected: 1124 fwrite() without length parameter
expected: bool(false) unset the object and check
expected: bool(true) unset all members and check
expected: false as unlink() does not work on dir
expecting true try to rename an non_existing dir
extra parameter passed to array_walk_recursive()
extract information we need from workflow or CLI
fgets() on a file handle which is already closed
file as it is represented in the document model.
fseek() on a file handle which is already closed
ftp_put() stores a local file on the FTP server.
get the contents from the internal output buffer
if we specify an endpoint, skip until we find it
increase max nesting to account for deep scripts
let's also generate/update the bundled .reg file
lets be fair and do the most simple SELECT first
loop through each element of the array for 'str'
loop through each element of the array for atime
loop through each element of the array for class
loop through each element of the array for errno
loop through each element of the array for flags
loop through each element of the array for input
loop through each element of the array for start
loop through each element of the array for value
loop through each element of values for 'ending'
make sure you can undo the custome serialization
msg_perm.mode The file access mode of the queue.
multiplier has to be greater than or equal to 0.
mysqlnd only option m - trace memory allocations
no real parser - any excotic setting can fool us
now compare the real stream with the user stream
open the same directory again without closing it
remove only alias from point, so destructor runs
required by most modern LDAP servers, use LDAPv3
rewind the file pointer to beginning of the file
run-tests cannot test for a multiple Vary header
seek to the end which is not sensible of course.
set up temporary mailbox with one simple message
shapes must have compile-time constant key names
should be separated, i.e. not reference anymore.
simple paths with trailing slashes (backslashes)
so we run on different range of ports every time
stime - system time used by the current process.
symlink to a regular file using an absolute path
systemlib can't have closures, so we get this...
temperory array for checking unexpected behavior
test all transitions before specified time range
test if (dynamic or not) "color" property exists
test the effects of is_file() on stats of a file
to make sure that max_links is really set to one
tripledes is a block cipher of 64 bits (8 bytes)
try to use stmt_affected_rows like stmt_num_rows
use :: notation, as a const is implicitly static
'LATIN CAPITAL LETTER A WITH RING ABOVE' (U+00C5)
1.0 is fully opaque and 0.0 is fully transparent.
@flags      mixed   Bit mask of the flags to set.
@flags      mixed   The new ArrayObject behavior.
@max_len    mixed   The maximum length of a line.
@obj        mixed   The object being compared to.
@offset     mixed   Optional offset of the limit.
@preg_flags mixed   The regular expression flags.
@return     mixed   A ReflectionExtension object.
@return     mixed   An array of static variables.
@return     mixed   Returns the file permissions.
@return     mixed   Returns the path to the file.
@return     mixed   The RecursiveCachingIterator.
@return     mixed   The parameters default value.
@return     mixed   The sub path (sub directory).
@return     mixed   The unserialized ArrayObject.
@return     mixed   The version of the extension.
@return Whether the current entry is a directory.
@return a SimpleXMLIterator for the current node.
@return array - Returns code coverage information
@return array - Returns the array of found items.
@return bool    true on success, false otherwise.
@return bool - TRUE if finished, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool true on success or false on failure.
@return boolean TRUE if a match, FALSE otherwise.
@return int - Returns the position as an integer.
@return mixed - Returns a integer Unix timestamp.
@return mixed - Returns the array of found items.
@return mixed - The result of the invoked method.
@return string - Returns the 8-bit binary string.
@return string - Returns the Zip archive comment.
@return string - Returns the specified character.
@return string - The modified string is returned.
@return string - The name of the directory entry.
@variable_name mixed   Name of a variable to get.
A unique identifier created for database objects.
A wait handle representing asynchronous operation
All of the functions/methods provided are static.
Allow delayed implementation for abstract classes
Also you can use memcache_get_version() function.
An immutable ordered dictionary-style collection.
Any system resources used by the child are freed.
Attempt to find a way to enforce this constraint.
Beyond the allowable limit for an e-mail address.
By default, NumberFormatter::TYPE_DOUBLE is used.
By default, the current connection *is* resuable.
Calling array_slice() with all possible arguments
Calling chunk_split() with all possible arguments
Calling finfo_close() with all possible arguments
Calling gzdeflate() with just mandatory arguments
Calling imap_fetchbody() with mandatory arguments
Can be FORCE_GZIP (the default) or FORCE_DEFLATE.
Can be overridden by individual resource records.
Check getting error string by integer error code.
Compare two strings using PHP strcmp() semantics.
Continues retrieving/sending a file non-blocking.
Counts the total number of registered benchmarks.
Create an instance of the Reflection_Method class
Creates a new 32-bit number with the given value.
Creates a new 64-bit number with the given value.
Creates a new XMLWriter using uri for the output.
Data inside the query should be properly escaped.
Directory iterators don't work so well on them :p
Disable showing stack traces on error conditions.
Dropping an existing table generates no warnings.
Equivalent to standard PHP sort() using Collator.
Escape a string to be safe to include in a query.
Execute a query with placeholders and parameters.
FALSE is returned if split_length is less than 1.
Fetches the next row and returns it as an object.
Forces collection of any existing garbage cycles.
From https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/2337
Generate zend_vm_set_opcode_handler_ex() function
Get a certain field (column) value as a `double`.
Get a certain field (column) value as a `string`.
Get the current depth of the recursive iteration.
Get the details of an entry defined by its index.
Gets current state of the formatter as a pattern.
Gets information about a group provided its name.
If FALSE, ns will be regarded as a namespace URL.
If omitted, iconv.internal_encoding will be used.
If return_float is set, then a float is returned.
Invalid multi-byte character - invalid first byte
Invalid multi-byte character - missing first byte
It takes on either a bitmask, or named constants.
Loop to check for above objects with var_export()
Loop to check for above strings with var_export()
Maps do not support taking elements by reference.
Maps preserve insertion order of key/value pairs.
Marks messages listed in msg_number for deletion.
Maybe we've provoked an index message, maybe not.
More than valid number of arguments ( valid is 2)
MySQL server may not support this - ignore errors
New expression id different from everything above
Note the absence of FilesystemIterator::SKIP_DOTS
Note: you cannot insert any blob values this way.
Opening the existing data file again in "w+" mode
Opening the existing data file again in "wb" mode
Opening the existing data file again in "wt" mode
Output using fwrite() is normally buffered at 8K.
Precision loss when comparing bit ints w/ floats.
Private constructor for disallowing instantiation
PropD for visible, accessible property: use __get
Returns FALSE if no error messages are available.
Returns a Vector built from the keys of this Map.
Returns a Vector built from the keys of this Set.
Returns an `Iterable` view of the current `Pair`.
Returns date formatted according to given format.
Returns the number of colors in an image palette.
Returns the number of key/value pairs in the Map.
Returns the unix timestamp representing the date.
Returns whether a field (column) value is `null`.
Safe mode limitations are not taken into account.
See https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/6624.
See if we are using an internal development build
See the "See also" section for available methods.
See the example below for a better understanding.
Set the names of the class constructor arguments.
Set the token and secret for subsequent requests.
Sets do not support taking elements by reference.
Sets retval to the value of the specified option.
Sets the OAuth timestamp for subsequent requests.
Sets the value of the given configuration option.
Specialcasing of inequality for hack collections.
Statements that are not listed will return FALSE.
TEST: nullifying variables removes their tracking
Test basic functionality of mb_convert_encoding()
Test iconv_strlen when passed an unknown encoding
Test iterating over a ImmVector with a "foreach".
Test natcasesort() with extended ASCII characters
Test serialization/deserialization of ImmVectors.
Test that ImmMap correctly handled magic methods.
Testing shuffle() function with array of integers
Testing variation using use_include_path argument
The callback is run before failover is attempted.
The final node in the priority queue is the root.
The following 3 members override those in class M
The key to entry correlations will be maintained.
The line returned has the ending newline removed.
The name is matched in a case-insensitive manner.
The next entries are the decoded uuencoded files.
These parse, but don't work at runtime currently:
This behavior is different from that of strstr().
This function allows to use parser inside object.
This implementation is not compatible with PHP's.
This is useful when xdebug.auto_trace is enabled.
This may work on FreeBSD but has not been tested.
This method acts as the destructor of the object.
This should be a value between 0 and PHP_INT_MAX.
Try on an object other than the one already bound
Try to detect (and forbid) external dependencies.
UTF-8  ASCII compatible multi-byte 8-bit Unicode.
Unlike strrpos(), strripos() is case-insensitive.
Used by the stream wrapper to open phar:// files.
User error handler must not modify error context.
Using array keys as an argument to the 'callback'
When field *might* be set, allow indexing into it
When not supplied, default channels are replaced.
With callback function which returns always false
Yes, this is a fatal error and I want it to fail.
You can use variables inside of a print statement
ZipArchive::ER_INCONS   Zip archive inconsistent.
an error occurred: affected rows should return -1
array of SimpleClass objects with only one member
array of possible valid values for 'val' argument
array of string objects with different key values
be sure you have enough memory and stack for PHP.
borrowed from test/slow/ext_stream/ext_stream.php
but they are held in a transaction by the server.
charsetnr The character set number for the field.
clean TZ so that it doesn't bypass the ini option
confirm file pointer is not at eof close the file
creating an array with resource types as elements
creating and deleting subdir and files in the dir
destroy the object by a new assignment (segfault)
doesn't work with InnoDB, which is default in 5.5
don't bail, engine might not support the datatype
don't print the message since it can be different
dummy sope is Closure should have the same effect
echo the fields which are common to all platforms
ensure that file pointer is at eof close the file
expecting false rename a existing dir to new name
fgetss() on a file handle which is already closed
filling the file some data if mode is append mode
finds any address ending in .co.uk (matches none)
found element as first elemet in another iterator
fwrite() on a file handle which is already closed
hack to instanciate an object without constructor
ignore response Let client run until script quits
involving variables and other non-basic operators
key can be any value possible for an array index.
loop through each element of the array for cipher
loop through each element of the array for format
loop through each element of the array for maxlen
loop through each element of the array for method
loop through each element of the array for needle
loop through each element of the array for object
loop through each element of the array for offset
loop through each element of the array for option
loop through each element of the array for parser
loop through each element of the array for string
loop through each element of the array for strval
loop through each element of the array for suffix
loop through each element of the array for whence
loop through each element of the array for zenith
loop through to test each element the above array
loop through to test sort() with different arrays
maintain file mtimes so that cvs doesnt get crazy
multiplier has to be  greater than or equal to 0.
mysqli_stmt_free_result() closes any open cursor.
nice, we have a transactional engine to play with
note that a label must always precede a statement
pass-by-value creates second alias to first point
precision can also be negative or zero (default).
print the ascii character, same as chr() function
provoke an error to check if mysql_ping resets it
record the extension that the function belongs to
responsibility of using class, see chown_privates
see also hphp/hack/hhi/stdlib/builtins_tokens.php
setOption already throws a warning for bad values
strict Removing field from intersection of shapes
test if x exists and is accessible, or is dynamic
test the effects of rename() on stats of dir/file
test the effects of truncate() on stats of a file
the error doesn't show the filename but 'Unknown'
the test executables settings, used for web tests
the way escape string differs from PostgreSQL 9.0
this line has no impact on test output on Windows
use bin2hex to catch those cases were raw is true
variations in string and multiplier as an integer
when using CGI, strip the headers from the output
with multiple escape sequences as second Argument
* Include Point.inc to get at the Point class type
* require Point.inc to get at the Point class type
- RecursiveRegexIterator::MATCH: See preg_match().
- RecursiveRegexIterator::SPLIT: See preg_split().
-1 indicates that the query has returned an error.
/* try defining a constant whose name is a keyword
@filter     mixed   The ID of the filter to apply.
@mode       mixed   The mode for opening the file.
@return     mixed   A PharData object is returned.
@return     mixed   Any returned value is ignored.
@return     mixed   Returns the size of the array.
@return - The number of rows affected as an `int`.
@return - The result of the `Awaitable` operation.
@return bool     true on success, false otherwise.
@return int - Returns item's new value on success.
@return mixed - An array of the defined functions.
@return mixed - Returns the read data, as a string
@return mixed - This functions returns an integer.
All of the functions/methods  provided are static.
An exception object will be passed to the function
Attempts to remove the directory named by dirname.
Calling array_values() with all possible arguments
Calling gettimeofday() with all possible arguments
Calls a function for every element in an iterator.
Check effects of changing misc collattion options.
Closes a file pointer to a pipe opened by popen().
Construct a directory iterator from a path-string.
Create an array with a TestCloneable object in it.
Creates the specified directory on the FTP server.
Custom ArrayIterator (inherits from ArrayIterator)
Delete some security related environment variables
Does not work with memory streams or user streams.
Equivalent to standard PHP asort() using Collator.
Everything else will cause bzopen to return FALSE.
Failure can only happen due to invalid parameters.
Function arguments are counted starting from zero.
Get a MIME charset string for a specific encoding.
Get the pattern corresponding to a given skeleton.
HTML tags should not be counted as literal blocks.
If encoding_list is omitted, detect_order is used.
If it's equal to zero, the item will never expire.
If more_entropy is TRUE, it will be 23 characters.
If the key is not present, an exception is thrown.
If you want typed values, use `vectorRowsTyped()`.
Improperly formatted U+0041 LATIN CAPITAL LETTER A
Int-like strings end up with numerical array keys.
It is used with the -c option on server-tests.php.
It may be needed if the client is behind firewall.
It needs to be random and unique (but not secret).
MSG_WAITALL Block until at least len are received.
Modify the existing entries in the LDAP directory.
MongoDB::lastError() is usually preferred to this.
NOTE: no LOAD DATA INFILE test_mysqli_info_table_1
Note that numeric keys in input are not preserved.
Number of characters from the beginning of string.
On failure, file_get_contents() will return FALSE.
Only the first character of thousands_sep is used.
Only the superuser may change the owner of a file.
Opening the existing data file again in "w+b" mode
Opening the existing data file again in "w+t" mode
Outputs or save an XBM version of the given image.
Outputs or saves a PNG image from the given image.
PDO::CASE_LOWER: Force column names to lower case.
PDO::CASE_UPPER: Force column names to upper case.
Pass incorrect input to bindec() to test behaviour
Pass mb_regex_encoding an unknown type of encoding
Pass mb_strrpos() an incorrect number of arguments
Passed an array made up of referenced variables 2.
Please read server documentation for more details.
Prop for visible, inaccessible property: use __get
Provides timing statistics about the MySQL client.
Reading 1024 bytes from file, expecting 1024 bytes
Remove comments and flip into an extensions array.
Removes the specified directory on the FTP server.
Reset when libxml_use_internal_errors() is called.
Returns the number of elements in this VectorLike.
Returns true if the Map is empty, false otherwise.
Returns true if the Set is empty, false otherwise.
Run all the frameworks, except the ones we listed.
See also the official MySQL Refresh documentation.
See xml_parser_set_option() for their description.
Set new attribute's value and see if it works out.
Set the effective group ID of the current process.
Should fail for mixing int and string class consts
Should succeed because we use the same TLSv1 hello
Similar case, but for a builtin (array_multisort).
Slow enough that incorrect stepping will time out.
Some countries did not accept it until much later.
Source code: ext/posix/posix.c Alias to functions:
Special characters can be encoded in several ways.
String URLs will create a default cURL GET handle.
Test AKempty promotion in double-nested collection
Test stripslashes() with double dimensional arrays
Test that we can't mutate a ImmVector array style.
That way the consistency check will be transitive.
The callback should return the replacement string.
The data is compared by using a callback function.
The file name where the exception was instantiated
The latest SHA at the time was used for the value.
The result of a successfully executed MySQL query.
The returned `Vector` will, of course, be mutable.
The second special case is the "Location:" header.
These are set in our custom ini file for this test
This changes the current database profiling level.
This defines the character set used in conversion.
This doc comment block generated by idl/sysdoc.php
This fails, because the return value was discarded
This function doesn't count overlapped substrings.
This function gets the type of the given resource.
This geometry defines the final size of the image.
This is a very slow operation on a large database.
This method acts as the constructor of the object.
This method is similar to ZipArchive::extractTo().
This parameter may be omitted when inside a class.
This parameter was added in Imagick version 2.0.1.
This returns the current database profiling level.
This should be reset to 0 when replacement starts.
Warning: line numbers are sensitive, do not change
We use an extra test to cover deprecation warning.
When importing Zend tests there are a lot of them.
access each element's value anf its element number
array containing different strings with key values
array of different values for 'start_key' argument
array of integer objects with different key values
array with single quoted and double quoted strings
array_sum() returns the sum of values in an array.
array_uintersect_uassoc() - with ordinary function
braces having no special meaning are used verbatim
call fgetcsv() to parse csv fields use length as 0
change class name, so a unserialize failure occurs
change the value (and type) of an existing element
check if end of file pointer is set close the file
clear statement cache checking stat() on directory
different scalar/non-scalar values for array input
dump the name of the new locale set by setlocale()
execute() has not been called yet NOTE: no warning
expected: bool(false) calling isset with more args
from: https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/3336
give the server a second to really kill the thread
http://icu-project.org/apiref/icu4c/ucsdet_8h.html
include file for required variables in imap_open()
include the file.inc for common functions for test
it's can't be used since this will encounter error
iterate over again to get all different key values
link doesn't exists as not created, expected false
loop through each element of the array for context
loop through each element of the array for dirname
loop through each element of the array for options
loop through each element of the array for pattern
loop through each element of values for 'chunklen'
loop through to test asort() with different arrays
loop through to test ksort() with different arrays
loop through to test rsort() with different arrays
match zend on order of which properties are stored
mb_send_mail() uses this setting to encode e-mail.
new self() will do the same thing as new C() above
now delete the surdir and file and record the stat
now we need to find the location of web index file
parameter checking tests will be the same as fread
parameter checking tests will be the same as gzeof
pices as associative array (string/numeric values)
provoke an error to check if mysqli_ping resets it
reading 1000 bytes from file, expecting 1000 bytes
reading 1030 bytes from file, expecting 1024 bytes
real_data_* get incremented after mysqli_*fetch*()
remove comments (but preserve the number of lines)
require all sub iterators to be valid in iteration
return the count of member variables in the object
setAttribute used to disappear for no good reason.
test ftruncate with file opened in different modes
testing whether strip_tags() is binary safe or not
this checks f,g,G conversion for snprintf/spprintf
this is name of the file created by create_files()
"auto" is expanded to "ASCII,JIS,UTF-8,EUC-JP,SJIS"
'LATIN SMALL LETTER LONG S WITH DOT ABOVE' (U+1E9B)
* create and use byRefs without involving functions
@message    mixed   The Exception message to throw.
@return     mixed   The custom count as an integer.
@return     mixed   The key of the current element.
@return     mixed   The value of the dequeued node.
@return     string   The name of the type constant.
@return     string  The short name of the function.
@return - The `int` count of errors, warnings, etc.
@return - The `string` value of the field (column).
@return - The last insert id, or 0 if none existed.
@return - The number of columns in the current row.
@return The current entry's last modification time.
@return array - Returns information about the stack
@return bool - TRUE if successful, FALSE otherwise.
@return int - Returns 1 on success or 0 on failure.
@return int - Returns the current stack depth level
@return int - Returns the size of the http request.
@return mixed - If opt is given, returns its value.
@return mixed - Returns TRUE on success or FALSE on
@return mixed - Returns an indexed array of values.
@return mixed - Returns the default stream context.
@return mixed - Returns the position as an integer.
@return mixed - The number of elements in iterator.
@return mixed - The result of the invoked function.
@return string - Returns the name of the directory.
@return string - Returns the sha1 hash as a string.
@session_id mixed   The session ID being destroyed.
@storage    mixed   The storage you want to import.
@variable_name mixed   Name of a variable to check.
A class on the first level in the inheritance chain
A wait handle that can resume execution of PHP code
Activate this constraint and attempt to satisfy it.
All strings going into the database should be UTF8.
An array may be used to designate multiple needles.
Begin running a query on the MySQL database client.
By contrast, __autoload() may only be defined once.
Calling array_intersect_assoc() with more arguments
Calling array_merge_recursive() with more arguments
Calling array_reverse() with all possible arguments
Calling imap_fetchheader() with mandatory arguments
Calling strnatcasecmp() with all possible arguments
Changes the current directory to the specified one.
Check if the iterator is at a valid field (column).
Check the MySQL C API reference manual for details.
Compare various string pairs using various locales.
Converts a Julian Day Count to the Jewish Calendar.
Default value is defined by mysql.default_password.
Detect character encoding with current detect_order
Draws a string vertically at the given coordinates.
EUC-JP: control codes that are virtually lead bytes
Each call to fscanf() reads one line from the file.
For test reliability, we always want this to be set
From PHP 7 testing sources, with minor modification
Get the locale for which the formatter was created.
Gets the number of messages in the current mailbox.
Hack assumes that this loop might or might not run.
Hide a bool in APC so static analysis can't see it.
If an array is passed then each element is checked.
If no Iterator is attached, we always return false.
If set to 0, then the string "Success" is returned.
If stack is TRUE, images are stacked top-to-bottom.
If the note cannot be retrieved, FALSE is returned.
If the socket is connection-oriented, name is NULL.
Illegal values for key will be converted to string.
In other environments, it is the forward slash (/).
In other words, it defaults to the value of time().
Include an existing file that has its own namespace
Initialise function arguments not being substituted
Initiate a nonblocking query on a given connection.
It can be either a string or an array with strings.
Length should be 2  /* double-quote string literals
Let's see if we have privileges for CREATE DATABASE
Let's try some terrible locales to ensure they fail
MSG_DONTROUTE Bypass routing, use direct interface.
MyISAM engine should be part of _every_ MySQL today
Not all server versions will support all statements
Note that built-in functions are not interceptable.
Otherwise a new session id is generated every time.
Output is in the format expected by JsonTestRunner.
Outputs or saves a webp image from the given image.
Pass iconv_strrpos() an encoding that doesn't exist
PropD for visible, inaccessible property: use __get
RecursiveCachingIterator expects param1 to be recit
Renaming a file, link and directory to numeric name
Retrieve information about parameters to procedures
Return the Unicode name for a given property value.
Returns Current locale,after executing setlocale().
Returns a ImmSet built from the values of this Map.
Returns a ImmSet built from the values of this Set.
Returns a Set built from the values of this ImmMap.
Returns a Set built from the values of this ImmSet.
Returns a Set built from the values of this Vector.
Returns a Vector built from the values of this Map.
Returns a Vector built from the values of this Set.
Returns an array built from the keys from this Map.
Returns status of the circular reference collector.
SEEK_END - Set position to end-of-file plus offset.
Same name as private in base class, different value
See http://userguide.icu-project.org/strings/regexp
See the examples below on how to set those options.
See the formatting options for the date() function.
Sets only support integer values and string values.
Source code: ext/standard/dns.c Alias to functions:
Start at the base of the array and move through it.
Straight unpacking and repacking (or transferrence)
Test copy(): Trying to copy dir to an existing file
Test how character classes match a multibyte string
Test that FVs cannot be indexed with a non-int key.
Test that the var_dump() of a ImmSet is meaningful.
Test that we don't autoload an already loaded class
The Mongo database server runs a JavaScript engine.
The database profiler tracks query execution times.
The file is opened and streamed through the parser.
The function first replaces _, - and + with a dot .
The last chunk may contain less than size elements.
The null or empty string obtains the "root" locale.
The same IV must be used for encryption/decryption.
The value must be a bitmask of the VAR_* constants.
The variable is still present in the shared memory.
These are tests for dates outside the 32-bit range.
These effects occur even if the user didn't change.
These exercise direct property setting and getting.
They will end up in an arbitrary relative position.
This can be used to select a name from a WSDL file.
This is similar with using stream_copy_to_stream().
This is useful for typing deserialized enum values.
This shouldn't affect floats, but let's check that.
Throw an exception with the class of the given name
Transliterator provides transliteration of strings.
Try to access constants defined in an included file
Try to unlink file when file handle is still in use
Updating code according to selected threading model
Using array without type parameters is okay for now
Variation 2 : Create hard link to non-existent file
Verify that the splay tree has sorted, unique keys.
We *couldn't* case on the whole thing if we wanted.
We are not passing a parameter to the closure call.
We check for and disable it explicitly in the code.
With one less than the expected number of arguments
With one more than the expected number of arguments
You can also use 1 and 0 instead of TRUE and FALSE.
and the above SSL setup should be always incorrect.
array contains combination of capital/small letters
array of SimpleClass objects with only one property
associative array containing unsorted string values
can't use ob_gzhandler with zlib.output_compression
classname for classes, interfaces, enums, or traits
close the handle so can remove dir in CLEAN section
create a new mailbox and add two new messages to it
delete an index that does not exist - trigger error
fill the file with some data if mode is append mode
fill the fill with some data if mode is append mode
find number of nested statements in statement array
ftp_nb_put() stores a local file on the FTP server.
getting the parent node as reference node to insert
here you can see the bar member var beeing a string
ignore it, we might not have sufficient permissions
imageinterlace() turns the interlace bit on or off.
inserts using a key of the next available int value
invalid because readlink doesn't work with hardlink
libmysql needs this - otherwise we get a 2015 error
loop through each element of the array for autoload
loop through each element of the array for encoding
loop through each element of the array for filename
loop through each element of the array for haystack
loop through each element of the array for latitude
loop through each element of the array for pathname
loop through to test arsort() with different arrays
loop through to test krsort() with different arrays
loop through to test ksort() with different arrays,
manually list of tests we want to run in sandcastle
msg_ctime The time that the queue was last changed.
n stands for number of characters processed so far.
next() behaves like current(), with one difference.
parameter checking tests will be the same as fclose
parameter checking tests will be the same as gzgets
populate array with 'default' keys in reverse order
results in the int 3 rather than the float 3.333...
return by reference protected function __destruct()
returns current locale,after executing setlocale().
shape with known and unknown fields, does not unify
strict Should fail because C2::FOO is really a bool
strings notation of permission,  wont work properly
test fflush() with handle to hard links as resource
test that the logging is appending without newlines
test the effects of is_link() on stats of hard link
this should be an error, since it can never be true
try to truncate it to while file pointer at the end
used to flag a swap between good and bad 4 bad ones
with one more than the expected number of arguments
(e.g. FALSE for stream, and TRUE for cbc, cfb, ofb).
******************** Public setters   Public getters
2 3 5 4 6 Insert at the beginning and end of the DLL
@definition mixed   An array defining the arguments.
@filename   mixed   The full url to retrieve a file.
@regex      mixed   The regular expression to match.
@return     mixed   An iterator from an ArrayObject.
@return     mixed   Information about the extension.
@return     mixed   Returns the current line number.
@return     mixed   The current active sub iterator.
@return - The `Iterable` view of the current `Pair`.
@return Boolean TRUE if successful, FALSE otherwise.
@return Returns TRUE on success or FALSE on failure.
@return array - Returns a numerically indexed array.
@return bool    true on success or false on failure.
@return int      Attribute value, or false on error.
@return int - Epoch representing the datetime object
@return int - Returns the ASCII value as an integer.
@return int - Returns the identifier, as an integer.
@return int - The tid of the current running thread.
@return mixed - Returns item's new value on success.
@return mixed - Returns new item's value on success.
@return mixed - Returns the soundex key as a string.
@return string The API version string as in "1.0.0".
A class on the second level in the inheritance chain
Add constructor argument initialisation to test case
An iterator implementation for iterating over a Map.
An iterator implementation for iterating over a Set.
And all results are packaged back in a single batch.
Any strings that are not set will simply be skipped.
BIG5 950 Traditional Chinese, mainly used in Taiwan.
Calling array_intersect_assoc() with more arguments.
Calling imap_fetchbody() with all possible arguments
Calling localtime() with possible optional arguments
Case-insensitive constants are stored as lower-case.
Check whether resource is lost after close operation
Closes the directory stream indicated by dir_handle.
Colors present only in the palette are not resolved.
Complex types are returned as ResourceBundle object.
Converts from one Cyrillic character set to another.
Create new xmlwriter using memory for string output.
Creates an XML document from the DOM representation.
Data is compared by using an user-supplied callback.
Don't test for the mysqli_query() return value here.
EXTR_PREFIX_ALL called twice with same prefix string
Each resource has an associated soft and hard limit.
Eexepcted numerical equivalent of above non-numerics
Emit a 0 for an internal node and a 1 for each leaf.
Error, new types don't create new value constructors
Generate a YAML representation of the provided data.
Generic type remains generic if it was not modified.
Get the iterator over the fields in the current row.
Gets the current byte index of the given XML parser.
Handle them gracefully by displaying the class name.
I think this is testing line 1297 of spl_iterators.c
If buffer is 0 then write operations are unbuffered.
If max_memory is negative, only memory will be used.
If nothing was read, it must return an empty string.
If that would be the case, the test would be broken.
If the attribute does not exist, it will be created.
If you put it on STDOUT instead, 'All tests passed.'
Loop through to test each element in the above array
MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm, and returns that hash.
Make sure that attribute names with colons work fine
Note: It does not return TRUE/FALSE for setting char
Note: very weak testing, we accept almost any result
Options to Redis::setOption() and Redis::getOption()
Otherwise, all the keys from the input are returned.
Output after this function is converted to encoding.
Pad a string to a certain length with another string
Pass a file pointer to rewinddir() to test behaviour
Pass different hexadecimal and octal values that: 1.
Pass temporary variables to prev() to test behaviour
Performing addition operation on given values : a, b
Prepending host by p: opens a persistent connection.
Record the fact that this constraint is unsatisfied.
Reserves enough memory to accommodate 'sz' elements.
Returns TRUE if the filename exists and is writable.
Returns a Vector built from the keys of this ImmSet.
Returns a Vector built from the keys of this Vector.
Returns an array containing all supported encodings.
Returns the current key that the iterator points to.
Returns the number of key/value pairs in the ImmMap.
Returns the number of rows in the current row block.
Returns the number of successfully executed queries.
Returns whether a given option is recognized at all.
STDERR, which we just closed - shouldn't be rendered
STDOUT, which we just closed - shouldn't be rendered
See MongoClient::__construct() for more information.
See SplFileObject constants for the available flags.
See the GNU General Public License for more details.
Sends a SITE EXEC command request to the FTP server.
Sets an attribute with name name to the given value.
Sets the value of the specified option to be newval.
Setting to FALSE (the default) will do the opposite.
Should Issue Needs Rehash, Since Foo is cast to 0...
Should see the values printed after Done is printed.
Shuffles the values of the Vector randomly in place.
Sort the entries by key using user defined function.
Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions:
Source code: ext/imap/php_imap.c Alias to functions:
Source code: ext/pcre/php_pcre.c Alias to functions:
Source code: ext/spl/spl_array.c Alias to functions:
Source code: ext/standard/exec.c Alias to functions:
Tells whether namespaceURI is the default namespace.
Test copy() function: Trying to create copy of links
Testing chop() : with nulls embedded in input string
Testing strtok() : with first argument as non-string
That class should extend the SimpleXMLElement class.
The default is to read until end of file is reached.
The exception associated with a MySQL query failure.
The hard limit acts as a ceiling for the soft limit.
The hostname associated with the current connection.
The line number where the exception was instantiated
The metaphone generated keys are of variable length.
The object will only define a property if it exists.
The optional parameters must be passed by reference.
The structure of the entry is same as in ldap_add().
The test is about checking the fallback to emulation
This array has 25 elements, but only 3 unique values
This can only happen if bad arguments are passed in.
This class is used to create and manage connections.
This function is identical to the backtick operator.
This function is the opposite of htmlspecialchars().
This function only works with UTF-8 encoded strings.
This indicated that the server string was malformed.
This is particularly useful for `SELECT` statements.
This method is interchangeable with `toImmVector()`.
This method is similar to ZipArchive::addEmptyDir().
This should be the same value gethostname() returns.
This test is coded to work with or without the crlf.
Try to get the deleted keys, should give empty array
Turns on searching the include path for class files.
Validates a document based on the given schema file.
Vectors do not support taking elements by reference.
We cannot allow Tany to be created in a strict file.
When from_encoding is omitted, detect_order is used.
You can also use the memcache_add_server() function.
You must have as many values as you do placeholders.
Zend is in the process of deprecating this behavior.
`Pair`s do not support taking elements by reference.
always executed use if with all scalar types + array
automatic downgrade to normal connections has failed
change all file's permissions to 777 before deleting
combination of associative and non-associative array
combinition of associative and non-associative array
create an empty file and write the strings with tags
current file pointer position after rewind operation
different heredoc strings single line heredoc string
do something silly to force existence of bar() frame
dump the objec to check that all variables are unset
end of offset loop close the file and check the size
end of whence loop close the file and check the size
ftp_ssl_connect() is not intended for use with sFTP.
getDefaultValue() will return the result of FOO*FOO.
get_class_method reports different constructor names
imagepolygon() creates a polygon in the given image.
loop through each element of the array for array_arg
loop through each element of the array for classname
loop through each element of the array for imagefile
loop through each element of the array for imagetype
loop through each element of the array for longitude
loop through each element of the array for recursive
loop through each element of the array for substchar
loop through each element of the array for timestamp
loop through each element of the array for traitname
loop through each element of the heredoc_arr for str
loop through to test each element in the above array
loop through to test krsort() with different arrays,
looping to use various invalid formats with fscanf()
mb_output_handler() is ob_start() callback function.
new line to separate the output between each element
no break, so control drops into next label's "group"
overwrite results and check if the cache magic works
parsing __CLASS__, __TRAIT__ and __FUNCTION__ tokens
paths with basename only suffix, with suffix removal
readlink() does the same as the readlink C function.
returns current locale,before executing setlocale().
rijndael128 is a block cipher of 128 bits (16 bytes)
seconds to run any individual test for any framework
server and/or engine might not support the data type
set up temp mailbox with 1 msg get an unset variable
should concatenate first and second title text nodes
should error because parent::open hasn't been called
simple paths with trailing slashes (forward slashes)
some short C-style comments interspersed with tokens
static properties irrelevent for conversion purposes
still need to close it, not to leave a zombie behind
strict Hacky replacement XHP base class for testing.
test start and end of range equal to transition time
test these functions on array which is already unset
tries to find "hello world" (should be Hello, world)
tripledes uses keys with exactly 192 bits (24 bytes)
try to trigger usual "match known text" optimization
value of l_onoff is not always 1, Darwin returns 128
/* passing by reference with a default argument value
3: Sorting And Searching", Addison-Wesley (1973), pp.
@ is to suppress 'Property access is not allowed yet'
@index      mixed   The offset to get the value from.
@param class_name name of class used with openFile().
@return     mixed   The group id in numerical format.
@return     mixed   The owner id in numerical format.
@return     mixed   The value at the specified index.
@return     mixed   The value of the current element.
@return Collator     New instance of Collator object.
@return array - An array of available cipher methods.
@return array - An array of available digest methods.
@return bool     true on success or false on failure.
@return bool - TRUE if it's enabled, FALSE otherwise.
@return int - Returns the error number as an integer.
@return int - Returns the return code, as an integer.
@return int - The current timeout (maximum duration).
@return int - pattern conflict status (see constants)
@return mixed - Returns a result code, as an integer.
@return mixed - Returns a string or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns an array or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the decoded data as a string.
@return mixed - The output from the executed command.
@return string - Returns the quoted (escaped) string.
@return string - The corresponding locale identifier.
@return string - The symbol string or FALSE on error.
A E_WARNING level error will be generated on failure.
A base class for connection, query and error results.
Add leaf nodes for each symbol to the priority queue.
An array of names, which will be passed as a dir name
Any of those shall fail - see also bugs.php.net/43568
CLIENT_MULTI_STATEMENTS - should be disabled silently
Can be removed once we support ParamCoerceMode in PHP
Check that either a method or a function is specified
Check whether the given error code indicates failure.
Checkout out our baseline test code via SHA or branch
Converted to EUC-JP Test for scaler, array and object
Could also be an include of a file containing similar
Creates an HTML document from the DOM representation.
Currently running test, and the results of each test.
Disable/enable the ability to load external entities.
Either way, don't print anything out for those cases.
Emit code that initializes zend_opcode_handlers array
Ends and reports xhprof network I/O profiling result.
Ensuring that the collision still occurs as expected.
FilterIterator which uses a callback for each element
Format the number using the original attribute value.
Gathers the statistics of the file named by filename.
Get the TypeStructure with type information resolved.
HHVM provides a native implementation for this class.
If everything is OK, the CURLE_OK will be the result.
If no parameters are given, the current time is used.
If no year is specified, the current year is assumed.
If not supplied, newnode is appended to the children.
If the replacement succeeds the old node is returned.
If this is reached, the script returns a fatal error.
If this test fails ask the developers of run-test.php
If we get headers back, then a proxy is not required.
Implementation detail for zlib.inflate stream filter.
In words: when the string representation is the same.
Indicates whether this text node contains whitespace.
Initialize a cURL session using a pooled curl handle.
Initializing required variables heredoc string as str
Install phpunit from composer.json located in __DIR__
Invoking __toString explicitly covers different code.
It can be also used to store secure data in database.
It converts special HTML entities back to characters.
It returns the status of all of the hosts in the set.
Loop to check for above null values with var_export()
Makes the script sleep until the specified timestamp.
No error since Foo is an 'as' constraint on a generic
No tilde expansion or parameter substitution is done.
Not an INSERT (after UPDATE), API value must become 0
Note that we're basically reimplementing next() here.
On Windows, the error message is prefixed with "WSA".
Once done, the final score is reported to the runner.
Only the superuser may change the owner of a symlink.
Otherwise, a blank page will be displayed by default.
Outputs 'D2::foo false' (Zend outputs 'D2::foo true')
Outputs 'D3::foo false' (Zend outputs 'D3::foo true')
Parse a load of URLs without specifying the component
Parse a number according to current formatting rules.
Pass iconv_strrpos() an incorrect number of arguments
Passing different types of array as 'input' argument.
Please read server documentation for what an xbox is.
Rather, the cursor marks the final object's position.
Remove all lib/core functions at the top of the stack
Remove the last element of this Vector and return it.
Removes one or more attributes from the specified dn.
Represents a connection to a set of memcache servers.
Result of detecting the encoding of an array of bytes
Retrieves APC's Shared Memory Allocation information.
Return the process identifier of the current process.
Returns an array built from the values from this Map.
Returns an array built from the values from this Set.
Returns an array of information about the given user.
Returns statistical information for the current pool.
Returns the best pattern matching the input skeleton.
Returns the current amount of memory the script uses.
Returns the number of key/value pairs in the MapLike.
Returns true if the ImmMap is empty, false otherwise.
Returns true if the ImmSet is empty, false otherwise.
Returns true if the Vector is empty, false otherwise.
See also __CLASS__ object object  The current object.
Segfault when using the DB class which extends mysqli
Set the number of seconds a script is allowed to run.
Should fail for mixing class const and string literal
Some of them map to two unicode code points, not one.
Sort an array in SORT_STRING mode using en_US locale.
Sort arrays in the given list using specified locale.
Source code: ext/standard/array.c Alias to functions:
Source code: ext/standard/image.c Alias to functions:
Test in_array() with different possible needle values
Test in_array() with haystack as sub-array and object
Testing serialization on all the objects through loop
Testing strtok() : with embedded nulls in the strings
The origin charset must have at most 256 code points.
The rows are returned as a `Vector` of `Map` objects.
The typechecker won't like this but we shouldn't care
They are in the stats file as context for the numbers
This class can be used to create regular expressions.
This function converts number from radian to degrees.
This is a a string where each character is an option.
This is equivalent to searching the entire directory.
This is how publics are handled in normal inheritance
This is usually a string, with possible placeholders.
This should be disallowed -- PHP will parse it wrong.
Trigger run_intercept_handler_for_invokefunc codepath
Unlike mb_strpos(), mb_stripos() is case-insensitive.
Unlike mb_strstr(), mb_stristr() is case-insensitive.
Use * to return all elements within the element tree.
Use a single slash ('/') for all paths on the domain.
Use this parameter to specify another file extension.
Validate non-empty values (empty values are accepted)
WARNING: Unable to initialise parser of type resource
When port is missing (e.g. unix socket) use port of 0
a simple example of passing by value and by reference
am invalid mode shoudl result in same o/p as mode 'a'
check that file pointer points at eof, expected: 1024
checking stat() on file after changing its permission
class with only members and with out member functions
close the file, get the size and content of the file.
comparing stats after the deletion of subdir and file
config file or args overwrite env var config settings
configure test paths from config file or command line
currently, we only have maps to single-byte encodings
different offsets, including negative and beyond size
dump the handle  try read directory, expected : false
dump the input array to ensure that it wasn't changed
ensure that internal pointer is moved to last element
expected: bool(true) dump to see that object is unset
generator is closed here, without running SWITCH_FREE
identical to containsKey, implemented for ArrayAccess
imagejpeg() creates a JPEG file from the given image.
in this context, equivalent to using a null statement
just drop the pcre-x.x.tar.xx here and run the script
left-justification but with a cutoff of 10 characters
list of opcode handlers and helpers in original order
loop through each element of the array for class_name
loop through each element of the array for gmt_offset
loop through each element of the array for ip_address
loop through each element of the array for parameters
loop to check the file opened in different read modes
loop to test working of lcfirst with different values
loop to test working of ucfirst with different values
money_format() returns a formatted version of number.
nothing should be escaped, it's a valid gbk character
printing the input array before the shuffle operation
retrieving htmlentities from the ANSI character table
returns current locale,before executing setlocale() .
soft link cannot test hard links unless you are root.
string without any characters that can be backslashed
strip off line terminator echo "len after rtrim:  " .
test if color exists and is accessible, or is dynamic
test if dummy exists and is accessible, or is dynamic
test if hidden exists and is accesible, or is dynamic
test wordwrap() with break arguments as single spaces
try to respect php.ini but make run time a soft limit
unsigned integer representation of a negative integer
unsigned integer representation of a positive integer
windows, dev and rdev will not match this is expected
without php open/close tags testing for T_INLINE_HTML
'input' array containing references to above variables
- RecursiveRegexIterator::GET_MATCH: See preg_match().
/* strings containing multiple alphanumeric characters
@index      mixed   The offset to assign the value to.
@object     mixed   The object to associate data with.
@return     mixed   A string describing the SoapFault.
@return     mixed   A string representing the storage.
@return     mixed   An iterator for the current entry.
@return     mixed   The current value of the property.
@return     mixed   The number of required parameters.
@return - The number of rows in the current row block.
@return - the end time as `float` seconds since epoch.
@return Imagick - Returns Imagick instance on success.
@return int - Returns the session id, or -1 on errors.
@return mixed - Returns an array of all DN components.
@return mixed - Returns the identifier, as an integer.
@return string - Returns the decoded URL, as a string.
@return string - The symbolic name of the given token.
@return string Description of the last occurred error.
@return the line number where the exception was thrown
A timer that periodically interrupts a request thread.
Also check that foreign arrays work for indirect calls
Also note that string positions start at 0, and not 1.
Assertions should be used as a debugging feature only.
Calling array_intersect_assoc() with default arguments
Calling array_merge_recursive() with default arguments
Calling imap_fetch_overview() with mandatory arguments
Calling imap_fetchheader() with all possible arguments
Can be either a string, an array or a stream resource.
Can't run framework tests both by file and single test
Checks whether val is a legal finite on this platform.
Create a collator  Creates a new instance of Collator.
Create a hash which maps string keys to string values.
Create a pool of connections to access a MySQL client.
Different heredoc strings passed as argument to arrays
ENT_QUOTES Will convert both double and single quotes.
Equivalent of realpath() but using zend-compat backend
Executes a result-less query against a given database.
FALSE is returned if incorrect parameters were passed.
Finds the path to the file where the class is defined.
Finds whether the type of the given variable is float.
First introduced in MySQL 6.0, backported to MySQL 5.5
For example, 200 for success and 500 for server error.
For that fatal case, we handle that a bit differently.
For zip archives, this method fails with an exception.
For zip-based archives, the default extension is .zip.
Format a number according to current formatting rules.
Generator has been aborted as a result of an exception
Get stats on flushing the last data chunk from server.
Get the number of fields (columns) in the current row.
Gets the current line number for the given XML parser.
Greek string in mixed case UTF-8 with multiple needles
IV MUST exist in CFB, CBC, STREAM, nOFB and OFB modes.
If it is not specified, the previous one will be used.
If it is omitted, internal character encoding is used.
If it returns false, then something else bad happened.
If no classes are defined, an empty array is returned.
If no database is given, the current database is used.
If pattern is not specified, the previous one is used.
If setcookie() successfully runs, it will return TRUE.
If you don't want an options, pass an empty `array()`.
If you have exhasted the cursor, it will not reset it.
If you wish to move a file, use the rename() function.
In this case we should not override it from the param.
Inline Mapping Take out strings sequences and mappings
Internal helper function for loadHTMLFile()/loadHTML()
Invalid declaration: shape key names may not be empty.
It is OK if both servers are working at the same time.
It is possible to add most 1048576 elements at a time.
It makes life easier for differential and phabricator.
It's used when the message_type parameter is set to 1.
Iterate over recent msgs to find the one we sent above
Loop to check for above float values with var_export()
Modified to test unescaped UNICODE as keys and values.
Multiple sessions serialized in the same session file.
Namespaced classes do not recognize PHP 4 constructors
Note that keys in replacement array are not preserved.
Note that seeking past EOF is not considered an error.
Note that this function modifies this Vector in place.
PDO::ATTR_CASE: Force column names to a specific case.
Parses GET/POST/COOKIE data and sets global variables.
Passed an infinitely recursive multi-dimensional array
Prefer splitting into two methods to calling it mixed.
Raise a warning and throw from the user error handler.
Replaces one or more attributes from the specified dn.
Represents a connection to a set of memcached servers.
Represents the result of failed `Awaitable` operation.
Return url back to a unix:// prefix instead of file://
Returns a ImmSet built from the values of this ImmMap.
Returns a ImmSet built from the values of this Vector.
Returns a ImmVector built from the values of this Map.
Returns a ImmVector built from the values of this Set.
Returns a Set built from the values of this ImmVector.
Returns a Vector built from the values of this ImmMap.
Returns a Vector built from the values of this ImmSet.
Returns a `Set` with the values of the current `Pair`.
Returns an array built from the keys from this ImmMap.
Returns an array built from the keys from this Vector.
Returns the current value that the iterator points to.
Returns the general category value for the code point.
Returns the message sequence number for the given uid.
Returns true if the MapLike is empty, false otherwise.
Sets the element handler functions for the XML parser.
Sets the name of a field, eg "era" in English for ERA.
Sets up data in order to skip or not the warmup phase.
Setting this parameter to -1 disables automatic retry.
Should throw a warning as extract expects NO arguments
Should throw a warning as seek expects only 1 argument
Shutdowns (partially or not) a full-duplex connection.
Sort an array in SORT_REGULAR mode using en_US locale.
Static functions shouldn't care about the parent class
Stop tracing function calls and closes the trace file.
Test how array_diff() compares multidimensional arrays
Test how array_diff_assoc() behaves when comparing: 1.
Test native property handling with ReflectionExtension
Test that we do not attempt to autoload a bultin class
Test the following using async - Stepping over awaits.
Testing with language construct as comparison function
The function sscanf() is the input analog of printf().
The stream will by default be opened in blocking mode.
The target may not be the real path on the filesystem.
These last two parameters must be passed by reference.
This function checks if the attribute is a defined ID.
This function creates a new instance of class DOMAttr.
This function creates a new instance of class DOMText.
This function returns this object if present, or NULL.
This implies that the output format is human-readable.
This is handled in the JIT, and should it trigger COW.
This is how privates are handled in normal inheritance
This may be a space character or a 0 (zero character).
This method causes its connection to be authenticated.
This method is interchangeable with `toValuesArray()`.
This method is not very useful for normal MongoDB use.
This method is similar to ZipArchive::addFromString().
This returns NULL until MongoCursor::next() is called.
Trait that implements all mutating methods of Vectors.
User supplied function is used for comparing the keys.
Various combinations of arrays to be used for the test
We are passing multiple parameters to the closure call
We don't test all aspects of the documented behaviour.
We must reset timeout but it must be AFTER we get info
We need this because some collections are not ordered.
We need this little hack to be able to re-run the test
We shouldn't crash hhvm when we have a private ctor...
We'll have to add some more features and options soon.
Writes the text and apply a gaussian blur on the image
a string Call all 3 functions indirectly through table
abstract class with public, private, protected members
after 2+ seconds the server should kill the connection
bits 7-8 bits (only single bytes encodings supported )
callback function with parameter and with return value
check when second arg is given other than boolean TRUE
error - one of the branches result in a map-like array
expected: false reassign write permission to temp file
fetch all results from server, but skip on client side
filling the file with some data if mode is append mode
finds any number that's not 4 and replaces it with a 4
first create the dir/subdir and files, record the stat
gmp_init (although that's probably tested well by now)
input array containing elements as reference variables
loop through each element of the 'values' for callback
loop through each element of the array for method_name
loop through each element of the array for quote_style
loop through each element of the heredoc_arr for 'str'
loop through each element of the values for 'chunklen'
loop to test ftell with different invalid type of args
mb_internal_encoding() should be set to same encoding.
null test passing not exist and exist at the same time
owner has rw only, group and others have no permission
parameter checking tests will be the same as fpassthru
posix_access() checks the user's permission of a file.
prefix with path separator of a non existing directory
remove last element from array, rewind and check end()
remove only alias from first point, so destructor runs
remove only alias from third point, so destructor runs
remove the write and execute permisson from sub parent
reset value in case implicit conversion was successful
return the key and value at index i for this container
run code on two command lines and look for differences
shm_remove() removes the shared memory shm_identifier.
some default seeks that will cause buffer/cache misses
stack The maximum size of the process stack, in bytes.
strict Using 'this' as an argument is kind of strange.
test phar_open_url() with quiet stat for code coverage
the problem does not occur with 1 field only selected.
this should die -- Exception class must be abstract...
using a collection to break out of hhas implementation
valgrind 3.3.0+ doesn't have --log-file-exactly option
variation of start and length to point to same element
various combinations of arrays to be used for the test
- Zero or more parameters to be passed to the callback.
- Zero or more parameters to be passed to the function.
/* presumably, body can be one or more empty statements
@cmp_function mixed   The callback comparison function.
@obj        mixed   The object to invoke the method on.
@open_mode  mixed   The mode in which to open the file.
@return     mixed   The current DirectoryIterator item.
@return     mixed   The integer value of the set flags.
@return     mixed   The name of the reflected property.
@return     mixed   The static properties, as an array.
@return    array  The type structure of the type alias.
@return array - Returns an array of associative arrays.
@return bool - Returns whether code coverage is active.
@return bool - This function always returns TRUE value.
@return int - 0 - Query succeeded, more results coming.
@return int - Response code following HTTP's responses.
@return int - Returns number of elements in the bundle.
@return int - Returns the real group id, as an integer.
@return int - Returns the signal number, as an integer.
@return int - The error code, one of UErrorCode values.
@return int - This will return the active soap version.
@return mixed - An array on success, or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - The resultant string or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - The return value of the xbox call task.
@return string - Returns a single string from the user.
@return string - Returns the UTF-8 translation of data.
After removing the semaphore, it is no more accessible.
An invalid category name also causes a warning message.
Array with duplicate string and integer keys and values
At most two GridFSFile chunks will be loaded in memory.
Attempts to create the directory specified by pathname.
Bad Type raise Notice (Type Conversion) and Warning....
Bad format strings are usually the cause of the latter.
Binds the value of a parameter to a statement variable.
Broken pipe, tear down so future requests might succeed
Checksum calculated as if the checksum field was spaces
Creates a new XMLWriter using memory for string output.
Creates an array containing variables and their values.
Deletes count characters starting from position offset.
Disable Expect: header (lighttpd does not support it :)
Do not change this test it is a README.TESTING example.
Don't handle methods yet, so function can't be indented
Don't try to lint deleted files or changed directories.
Draws an ellipse centered at the specified coordinates.
Expression Display Ids should be reset within method bo
Field not listed in declared shape - error to access it
Following class definition should fail, but cannot test
Format support depends on the ImageMagick installation.
Get the next line for the expected status for that test
Gets the current column number of the given XML parser.
Gets the namespace URI of the node based on the prefix.
If no drivers are available, it returns an empty array.
If no function are defined, an empty array is returned.
If the built-in error handler is used NULL is returned.
If the stack is not yet activated it will be activated.
Invalid valid format character does not raise warnings.
JIS Note: either convert_encoding or strlen has problem
Japanese characters only - should not be any conversion
Loads the PHP extension given by the parameter library.
Modified to test a mix of integers and strings as keys.
Negative offset Note: PHP Warning - offset is negative.
No real logic in here to do that, just simple printing.
Note: this cache could easily be shared between threads
Otherwise it will contain the higher descriptor number.
Otherwise, Returns TRUE on success or FALSE on failure.
Pass different strings to ctype_alnum to test behaviour
Pass rsort() arrays of boolean values to test behaviour
Pass rsort() multi-dimensional arrays to test behaviour
Previous to this, dates will be in the Julian calendar.
Referral can only be removed with Manage DSA IT Control
Retrieve the pagination information send by the server.
Return the numeric real user ID of the current process.
Returns a ImmVector built from the keys of this ImmMap.
Returns a key-value array of locale ID subtag elements.
Returns the time that the http server has been running.
Search for email message on the mail server using imap.
Search for the targets directories for the given files.
Set this parameter to 0 when using UNIX domain sockets.
Sort the entries by values using user defined function.
Stems from https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/4892
TEST: tracking works when enabled and not when disabled
Test AKempty to AKvec upgrade when inside a nested type
Test copy(): Trying to create a copy of an existing dir
Test in_array() with different possible haystack values
Tested both with a string as an implode, no difference.
Testing array_walk_recursive() with an array of objects
Testing strspn() : with varying start and len arguments
Testing uasort() with 'array_arg' having different keys
The associated code is in miProp() for MOpFlags::Unset.
The change depends on the last optional case parameter.
The frame color is that of the thumbnail's matte color.
The server part is mandatory in all mailbox parameters.
Then it compares the parts starting from left to right.
These don't work in HHVM, and are unlikely to be fixed.
These values do not get implicitly converted to objects
This better not iterate the dataflow algorithm forever:
This function *requrires* a deprecated, MySQL resource.
This function has been added to Memcache version 2.0.0.
This function has been added to Memcache version 2.1.0.
This function indicates if two nodes are the same node.
This function returns low level raw pointer the object.
This function will reset() the array pointer after use.
This functions removes a child from a list of children.
This geometry defines a subregion of the image to crop.
This is in the default stub, but lets ignore it for now
This is not good, but it currently happens nonetheless.
Timezones must be stored in a separate field if needed.
Try to defeat any possible inlining / constant folding.
Turns encryption on/off on an already connected socket.
Turns off verbose request information (off by default).
Unlike mb_strrchr(), mb_strrichr() is case-insensitive.
Unlike mb_strrpos(), mb_strripos() is case-insensitive.
Use this to asynchronously connect to a MySQL instance.
Using other data types will produce unexpected results.
We intentionally consider null bytes invalid sequences.
We need to simulate the seek using rewind() and next().
When doing a strict comparison of string representation
Windows uses only the first three characters of prefix.
Write link it into the existing TARGETS TODO sort these
You can also use memcache_get_server_status() function.
You do not need to pass every array to socket_select().
You do not need to pass every array to stream_select().
You have to increase it or send smaller chunks of data.
You should not throw a PDOException from your own code.
an array containing unsorted string values with indices
array containing different types of objects as elements
array of zero or more elements, 1 per instance property
array with object, unset variable and resource variable
calling shuffle() function with multi-dimensional array
check SimpleFunctionCall::outputCPPParamOrderControlled
check this works and actually returns the boolean value
checking that generics are dissalowed for static values
create the file and add the content with has csv fields
determine max program depth starting at statement array
different scalar/non scalar values for 'input' argument
forward one week, then behaves like above for week days
ftp_size() returns the size of the given file in bytes.
ftruncate the current file and check stat() on the file
get only the methods from the extension we are querying
if true doesn't run tests, just outputs executable info
initialize all required variables get an unset variable
let's hope we don't hit a MySQL running on that port...
libmysql return value seems to depend on server version
loop through each element of the array for cmp_function
loop through each element of the array for get_as_float
loop through each element of the array for len argument
loop through each element of the array for str argument
loop through to test array_keys() with different arrays
loop to test fclose with different invalid type of args
loop to test rewind with different invalid type of args
make RecursiveDirectoryTree::current() return getSelf()
make RecursiveDirectoryTree::key() return getFilename()
make RecursiveDirectoryTree::key() return getPathname()
paths with hostname:dir notation, with suffix variation
regardless of that, the test always crashes every time.
remove only alias from second point, so destructor runs
set dynamic property to an instance having a destructor
splits files in functions and calls the other functions
still set, even though passed in by reference and unset
strict Should fail because foo isn't an int or a string
strpbrk() searches the haystack string for a char_list.
test setlocale by specifying a specific locale as input
this grants you access to protected methods and members
this must be a class, closure does not trigger segfault
to ensure we include the file in RepoAuthoritative mode
to make sure we have at least one working connection...
valid 4 byte char - smiling face with heart-shaped eyes
variation of offset and length to point to same element
- Stepping over instructions that call iterator methods.
/* test if number bases other than decimal are supported
4  message is sent directly to the SAPI logging handler.
@it         mixed   The iterator that is being filtered.
@iterator   mixed   The iterator being constructed from.
@newval     mixed   The new value to store at the index.
@param int crypto_type - Setup encryption on the stream.
@param int divisor - Number which divides the numerator.
@return     bool   TRUE if it's disable, otherwise FALSE
@return     int   Returns bitmask of modifier constants.
@return     mixed   Returns a new instance of the class.
@return     mixed   Returns an encoded of the read data.
@return     mixed   The name of the reflected parameter.
@return - the `Awaitable` of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`.
@return - the start time as `float` seconds since epoch.
@return Whether the current entry is either '.' or '..'.
@return bool - Returns 1 on success or FALSE on failure.
@return bool - Returns TRUE on success, FALSE on failure
@return int          Returns the position as an integer.
@return int - This function returns a socket error code.
@return mixed - Returns the return value of the closure.
@return mixed - Returns the variable with the given key.
@return mixed - TRUE if the key exists, otherwise FALSE.
@return mixed - The old node or FALSE if an error occur.
@return string - Returns the current buffer as a string.
@return string - Returns the error message, as a string.
@return string - The uncompressed data or FALSE on error
@severity   mixed   The severity level of the exception.
A timeout of zero is interpreted as an infinite timeout.
Add a preheader to the loop to get interesting behavior.
Allows you to disable an already defined stream wrapper.
Alternatively, a DSN-less connection string can be used.
An array may be used to designate multiple replacements.
Block and wait until pagelet task finishes or times out.
Call this when one of your invariants has been violated.
Called for each element to test whether it has children.
Calling htmlspecialchars_decode() with default arguments
Calling imagecolorallocate() with all possible arguments
Can return a string or an integer depending on the mode.
Checks the validity of the date formed by the arguments.
Checks whether the given constant exists and is defined.
Class for basic test case construction for class methods
Collection names can use any character in the ASCII set.
Create a new image from a given part of GD2 file or URL.
Derived::__destruct is being called not Base::__destruct
Determines if the current SSL Context Provider is valid.
Echo back the response to the user if it isn't a stream.
Finds whether the type of the given variable is integer.
Generator throws during auto-priming of getReturn() call
Get framework information and set all needed properties.
Get the FC_NFKC_Closure property string for a character.
Get the names of all the const values, indexed by value.
Gets the kernel thread id of the current running thread.
Give the return value of the command back to the caller.
Hack treats method dispatch in a different way from PHP.
HipHop explicitly lists this in the inconsistencies doc.
If no language is set previously, it then returns FALSE.
If not specified, the contents will be sent to "stdout".
If output buffering isn't active then FALSE is returned.
If the socket is connection-oriented, port will be NULL.
Import this wait handle to the current scheduler context
Imports GET/POST/Cookie variables into the global scope.
Include another existing file that has its own namespace
Invalid because T can be overridden to accept only int,.
Invalid construction: shape field names may not be empty
Invalid multi-byte character - surrogate pair code point
It is invoked with 2 params when used as an OB callback.
It takes a raw string query that will be executed as-is.
Loop to check for above boolean values with var_export()
Loop to check for above integer values with var_export()
Memcache::close() closes connection to memcached server.
NB: basic functionality tested in tests/strings/001.phpt
Newlines are considered whitespace, and are removed too:
Normally 0 for types other than floating point decimals.
Numbers (hex and dec) we know to be valid HTML entities.
OK because constructors and function calls are sequenced
Objects are only created wit the static create functions
On most systems, only the user's full name is available.
PHP should not try to close the connection or something.
Return the numeric real group ID of the current process.
Returns -1 if the supplied connection itself is invalid.
Returns a Set containing the first n values of this Set.
Returns an array built from the values from this ImmMap.
Returns an array built from the values from this ImmSet.
Returns an array built from the values from this Vector.
Returns an array containing the values from this ImmSet.
Returns true if the ImmVector is empty, false otherwise.
Returns whether this ReflectionClass represents an enum.
Revert all changes done to an entry with the given name.
SEEK_CUR - Set position to current location plus offset.
See Phar file format documentation for more information.
See where internal pointer is after adding more elements
Set a handler to be called when a namespace is declared.
Should return error message when passed character count.
Simply list all characters that you want to be stripped.
Source code: ext/fileinfo/fileinfo.c Alias to functions:
Source code: ext/standard/browscap.c Alias to functions:
Source code: ext/standard/pageinfo.c Alias to functions:
Test associative array with strings as keys and elements
Test with invalid english locale (ICU defaults to en_US)
Testing how preg_grep reacts to being passed bad regexes
Testing strcspn() : with varying start and len arguments
Testing strrev() function with heredoc strings for 'str'
The given arguments are passed to the class constructor.
The string for matching is set by mb_ereg_search_init().
This class implements access to ICU resource data files.
This formatter would be used to format or parse numbers.
This function assigns new keys to the elements in array.
This function is an alias of: stream_wrapper_register().
This function returns the key details (bits, key, type).
This method counts the number of children of an element.
This should be the uncompressed length you wish to read.
This should fail for using a nonexistent class constant.
This should fail, the PS protocol should not support it.
This will always return 0 in the current implementation.
This will generate a unreachable funclet-protected code.
Thrown when the driver fails to connect to the database.
To limit the query, specify the optional type parameter.
Type of serialization to use with values stored in redis
Uh oh, we set the member variable to a Foo inside a Foo2
Unfortunately, zend_strtod doesn't handle Nan's and Infs
Unserialize a previously fb_compact_serialize()-ed data.
User-level doesn't override implicit native magic props.
With non existent comparison function and extra argument
You can have a shape as a parameter to a user attribute.
allow otherwise hidden T2B::f to be seen through alias g
an array containing unsorted numeric values with indices
be sure we have the right endpoints for this test result
being abstract, it need not implement any of the methods
check using isset to see if unset, expected: bool(false)
clearstatcache do nothing, but there should no warnnings
connect and table inc connect to mysql and create tables
cutime - user time used by current process and children.
eof (bool) - TRUE if the stream has reached end-of-file.
expect true New stat values taken after creation of file
expected: bool(false) calling empty, expected bool(true)
expecting max_length not to be set and be 0 in all cases
fetch only the first rows and let closeCursor() clean up
file name starts with numeric and with regular extension
first insert normal value to force initial send of types
initialing required variables defining different strings
loop through each element of the array for function_name
loop through each element of the array for key_comp_func
loop through each element of the array for mask argument
loop through each element of the array for preserve_keys
loop through each element of the array for url_component
loop to test fgetc() with different invalid type of args
loop to test fgets() with different invalid type of args
loop to test fread() with different invalid type of args
loop to test fseek() with different invalid type of args
missing optional field in declared shape, does not unify
more than valid number of arguments ( valid are 2 or 3 )
no length and allowable tags provided, reads entire file
owner has read only, group and others have no permission
paths with shortcut home dir char, with suffix variation
pdo_transaction_transitions should check this as well...
reading different data from file using different formats
require another existing file that has its own namespace
retrieve the results and put them into the endpoint info
test the effects on stats with writing data into a  file
trim out newline since Map doesn't like them in its keys
type_structure() should autoload the alias it references
use stat on file created using "w" and "r" mode of fopen
will return true as pattern matches from start of string
/* Test all kinds of values to see which can be converted
/* define a simple generator that returns key/value pairs
@cls        mixed   The class name being checked against.
@iterator   mixed   The RecursiveIterator to be filtered.
@name       mixed   Name of the method being checked for.
@param root Root to be prepended to all paths in the map.
@return     mixed   The number of objects in the storage.
@return - The number of columns in the current row block.
@return - the total operation time as `int` microseconds.
@return bool - Returns TRUE on success, FALSE on failure.
@return getFilename() or getFileInfo() depending on flags
@return getPathname() or getFilename() depending on flags
@return int - Attribute value, or boolean FALSE on error.
@return int - If the self test succeeds it returns FALSE.
@return integer the error code, one of UErrorCode values.
@return mixed - Returns the length of the string written.
@return num - Returns the product as an integer or float.
@return number of elements/attributes seen with foreach()
@return string - Returns the base name of the given path.
@return string - Returns the name of the current session.
@return string - Returns the protocol name as a string, .
@see http://www.icu-project.org/apiref/icu4c/umsg_8h.html
A lower numerical value causes more favorable scheduling.
A wait handle that waits for a list of other wait handles
Abstract base interface that cannot be implemented alone.
Array indices can be accessed as properties in read/write
By default, the queries are relative to the root element.
Calling imap_fetch_overview() with all possible arguments
Check if a code point has the Lowercase Unicode property.
Check if a code point has the Uppercase Unicode property.
Check if collator_sort() properly supports copy-on-write.
Class X is related to neither ParentClass nor ChildClass.
Computes the geometric mean of a set of rms measurements.
DOMAttr represents an attribute in the DOMElement object.
Difference between nested and local-var shape-like arrays
Difference between nested and local-var tuple-like arrays
Do nothing, the iterator always points to the top element
Entity declarations and notations are not made available.
Failure can only occur is invalid arguments are provided.
For a description of contexts, refer to Stream Functions.
For non-async connections, this returns ASYNC_OP_INVALID.
For sendmail users, this file is /etc/mail/trusted-users.
Format the time and/or date according to locale settings.
From 4.0.5 on it's also possible to do parallel searches.
Get the file name of the PHP script in which C is defined
Gets the declaring class for the reflected type constant.
If needle is not found, iconv_strpos() will return FALSE.
If no order flag is given, PREG_PATTERN_ORDER is assumed.
If not specified, the MAGIC environment variable is used.
If the filename ends in suffix this will also be cut off.
If this is available, a configuration file is being used.
If time is not supplied, the current system time is used.
If whence is not specified, it is assumed to be SEEK_SET.
Line below should throw a warning as no args are expected
Make sure you consider this before running a long script.
Meta-data can be any PHP variable that can be serialized.
Moves the node with the given key to the top of the tree.
Native PS Libmysql cannot handle such a stored procedure.
Normally -1 for types other than floating point decimals.
Optional values do not accept " " (space) as a separator.
Pass an unknown encoding to mb_strpos() to test behaviour
Pass an unknown encoding to mb_substr() to test behaviour
Pass rsort() associative arrays to test key re-assignment
Please read the section on Booleans for more information.
ReflectionClass cannot create or delete static properties
Remove systemlib stack frames until we hit the user code.
Represents a connection between PHP and a MySQL database.
Retrieves a node specified by localName and namespaceURI.
Returns a ImmSet built from the values of this ImmVector.
Returns a ImmVector built from the values of this ImmMap.
Returns a ImmVector built from the values of this ImmSet.
Returns a ImmVector built from the values of this Vector.
Returns a Map built from the keys and values of this Set.
Returns a Vector built from the values of this ImmVector.
Returns a description of the warmup status of the server.
Returns an array built from the keys from this ImmVector.
Returns an array whose values are this containers's keys.
Returns an iterator that points to beginning of this Map.
Returns an iterator that points to beginning of this Set.
Returns the ASCII value of the first character of string.
Returns the filename of the next file from the directory.
Returns the value of the configuration option on success.
Returns true if the VectorLike is empty, false otherwise.
Rotates the image image using the given angle in degrees.
See context: https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/3653
See the description of these modes in htmlspecialchars().
Seems to work  /* try to redefine a user-defined constant
Set the list of arguments to be passed to the constructor
Should succeed with peer verification disabled in context
Static and instance array using class constants with self
Stemmed from https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/2082
Stemmed from https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/4505
Stemmed from https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/5025
TCP and UDP are common protocols of this protocol family.
Test array_search() with different possible needle values
Test behaviour of array_diff() function with binary input
Test how array_diff compares integers, floats and strings
Test sort with more than the expected number of arguments
Test that the typechecker can correctly handle ImmVector.
Testing crc32() : with unexpected values for str argument
Testing strspn() : with unexpected values of len argument
Testing strtok() : with invalid escape sequences in token
The "root" locale is equivalent to "en_US_POSIX" in CLDR.
The alert stack is cleared after imap_alerts() is called.
The bindtextdomain() function sets the path for a domain.
The error code can be retrieved with socket_last_error().
The exception associated with a MySQL connection failure.
The old implementation treated this as three code points.
The result array will contain only found key-value pairs.
The stream must have previously been opened by opendir().
This function creates a new instance of class DOMComment.
This function creates a new instance of class DOMElement.
This function discards the contents of the output buffer.
This function returns a unique identifier for the object.
This is a divergence from php5 (where it will be int(1)).
This only returns errors regarding the whole multi stack.
Three independent arrays of socket resources are watched.
UTF-8 Note: either convert_encoding or strlen has problem
Utility to return a unique skeleton from a given pattern.
Where possible 'UTF-8' has been entered as a string value
Write an error in a format recognizable to Emacs or MSVC.
add a comment here to say what the test is supposed to do
all the following are identical, we will convert to utf-8
an array containing unsorted hexadecimal values with keys
an ordinary if having 2 actions on TRUE and none on FALSE
applying shuffle() function on the input array of strings
array of SimpleClass objects having more than one members
bug - invokes X::secret() instead of ChildClass::secret()
cal_info() returns information on the specified calendar.
callback function with parameter and without return value
check the file size, should be 0 delete all files created
check the working of join() when given binary input given
checking working of end() when array elements are deleted
creating sub-directory test1 under mkdir, expected: false
delete files with different file permission(0000 to 0777)
do not require all sub iterators to be valid in iteration
doc_comment compiler global now contains this Foo comment
extracts file descriptor information from a multi handle.
ftp_mdtm() gets the last modified time for a remote file.
imap_ping() pings the stream to see if it's still active.
link files even though it original file doesn't exist yet
loop through each element of the array for allowable_tags
loop through each element of the array for data_comp_func
loop through each element of the array for proper_address
loop through each element of the arrays for all arguments
loop through to compare each string with the other string
loop through to replace the matched elements in the array
loop to test fflush() with different invalid type of args
loop to test fgetss() with different invalid type of args
loop to test fwrite() with different invalid type of args
make RecursiveDirectoryTree::current() return SplFileInfo
name The name of this column as returned by the database.
natcasesort() is a case insensitive version of natsort().
no return statement, so when included, int(1) is returned
non_scalar values, objects, arrays, resources and boolean
numeric value as glue, pieces as array containg sub array
patched HHVM will issue a warning about double mailheader
permissions will be given as 2's complement form of -0777
reading the values from file using different char formats
reading the values from file using different hexa formats
retrieving htmlspecialchars from the ANSI character table
s - the argument is treated as and presented as a string.
set of currency symbol according to above list of locales
strict Nonexisting field in intersection of ad-hoc shapes
test begin and end of range equal to same transition time
test the effects on stats by changing permissions of link
this definition escapes the clause, even with terminality
this should show an error, cause results are not buffered
total number of tests run find max nested statement depth
tries to find 2 digits at the end of a string (0 matches)
truncate the file to smaller size and display the content
try reading the file opened in different modes of reading
warnings are unhandy, lets go for exceptions for a second
(e.g. TRUE for cbc and ecb, and FALSE for cfb and stream).
3 - a string containing all unique characters is returned.
@accessible mixed   TRUE to allow accessibility, or FALSE.
@array      mixed   The array or object to be iterated on.
@data       mixed   The data to associate with the object.
@line_pos   mixed   The zero-based line number to seek to.
@name       mixed  Name of the property being checked for.
@path       mixed   The path of the directory to traverse.
@return     bool   TRUE if it's a closure, otherwise FALSE
@return     int   The starting line number, as an integer.
@return     mixed   TRUE if it's internal, otherwise FALSE
@return array - Returns the translation table as an array.
@return int - Returns error code from last formatter call.
@return int - Returns the previous setting, as an integer.
@return int - Returns zero on success, or FALSE on errors.
@return mixed - Initiate an asynchronous mysql connection.
@return mixed - Returns a JSON encoded string on success .
@return mixed - Returns an array of all the keys in input.
@return string - Returns the collation key for the string.
@return string - The sum of the two operands, as a string.
@return the number the global function count() should show
A simple package of data that is manipulated by the tasks.
API insert id will be 101 because of UPDATE, SQL unchanged
Adds the keys of the specified KeyedContainer to this Set.
Always use the generated libtool - Mac OSX uses 'glibtool'
Call this when one of your `invariant`s has been violated.
Canonical decomposition followed by canonical composition.
Check if a code point has the Alphabetic Unicode property.
Check if a persitent connection to memcache is being used.
Compares array1 against array2 and returns the difference.
Convert a string to a double, then back to a string again.
Declares the attribute specified by attr to be of type ID.
Each part is known as Relative Distinguished Name, or RDN.
Either IteratorAggregate or Iterator must be used instead.
Generates a Signature Base String according to pecl/oauth.
Gets the number of recent messages in the current mailbox.
However, it seems to only correctly handle exactly 1 file.
If a non-integer key is used, an exception will be thrown.
If a string is not UTF-8, a MongoException will be thrown.
If needle is not found, iconv_strrpos() will return FALSE.
If no previous handler was defined, NULL is also returned.
If not given, the length will be limited to 76 characters.
If the limit parameter is zero, then this is treated as 1.
If the value is inserted, it becomes the root of the tree.
In , this parameter is ignored and empty password is used.
Internal data structures should be the same in both cases.
Keys and elements are compared by user supplied functions.
LDAP_DEREF_ALWAYS - aliases should be dereferenced always.
Lists tables and the privileges associated with each table
Lowercase, convert namespace separators to path separators
NOTE: PDO will call __set() prior to calling __construct()
Need to be created every time to get expected return value
Not a valid constraint since T is unbounded type parameter
Not supported (yet) but most phars call it, so don't throw
Only the start, end and period characters will be escaped.
Override the alert function to throw an exception instead.
PDO::NULL_EMPTY_STRING: Empty string is converted to NULL.
PDO::NULL_TO_STRING: NULL is converted to an empty string.
PHP_SESSION_NONE if sessions are enabled, but none exists.
Pass an unknown encoding to mb_stripos() to test behaviour
Passing 'source' argument with different style of comments
Pear won't run correctly unless a 'php' executable exists.
Probably max_allowed_packet_size is smaller than the data.
Read the values from memcached and decompress/unserialize.
Recurse along the children to generate the remaining nodes
Represents a connection between PHP and a database server.
Represents the result of successful `Awaitable` operation.
Returns the hostname of the server the query was sent too.
Returns the result AND the converted key for further uses.
Returns whether or not the current connection is reusable.
Returns whether or not the value is defined as a constant.
SQLITE3_OPEN_READONLY: Open the database for reading only.
See chmod() for more information on modes and permissions.
Sets the input byte array whose encoding is to be guessed.
Sets the permissions on the specified remote file to mode.
Some operating systems support more than one type of hash.
Test asort with more than the expected number of arguments
Test ksort with more than the expected number of arguments
Test that array_diff behaves as expected for comparing: 1.
Test that we check constraints after expand the type alias
Testing sort() function with all possible error conditions
Testing strcspn() : with unexpected values of len argument
Testing strrev() function with unexpected inputs for 'str'
The locales are comma-separated if there is more than one.
The return values are equally processed internally by PHP.
There is no semantics for traits in the inheritance chain.
This can also be an IntlTimeZone or a DateTimeZone object.
This class should be extended to implement custom filters.
This could be a php.net bug on windows or a windows querk.
This function throws an exception if this Vector is empty.
This means that dates do not contain timezone information.
This should be an error, but it's broken for shapes too...
Trying different invalid values for 'input' array argument
Unlike the implementing function, doesn't have an arg type
Using GenericClass without type parameters is okay for now
Variation 8 : Create soft/hard link to different directory
Writes the given text into the image using TrueType fonts.
Yes, 1 - the asynchronous query should have been processed
Yes, you can fetch a result - the query has been processed
You can specify any combination of the following bitmasks.
`getException()` is the same as `getResult() in this case.
`getResult()` is the same as `getException() in this case.
all versions should at least dump this minimum information
applying shuffle() function on the input array of integers
array with default keys containing unsorted numeric values
array_product() returns the product of values in an array.
associative array with mixed keys and sub-array as element
call a function that might generate disk-related exception
callback function without parameters and with return value
calling array_rand() function with multi-dimensional array
calls the method filter, which is also the PHP4 style ctor
calls the method mapper, which is also the PHP4 style ctor
changing the calendar with a cal type should not change tz
check if a commonly used locale is installed in the system
checking with isset before unsetting, expected: bool(true)
cstime - system time used by current process and children.
directory dir_variation92 with one sub-directory sub_dir21
either there is no result (no SELECT) or there is an error
expected: bool(false) call isset() with two args, both set
expected: bool(false) empty() to see if the array is empty
flags An integer representing the bit-flags for the field.
ftp_nb_fget() retrieves a remote file from the FTP server.
ftp_site() sends the given SITE command to the FTP server.
ftruncate() on a file handle which is already closed/unset
helpers This doc comment block generated by idl/sysdoc.php
hhvm seems inconsistent in how this array is sorted, so...
imagesetpixel() draws a pixel at the specified coordinate.
include the file.inc for Function: function create_files()
keys are created from sub iterators associated information
let the OS run the sleep process before sending the signal
loop through each element of 'input' with default callback
loop through each element of the 'heredoc_array' for 'str'
loop through each element of the array for strict argument
loop to test fgetcsv() with different invalid type of args
loop to test fputcsv() with different invalid type of args
needle position is counted from the beginning of haystack.
ob_implicit_flush() will turn implicit flushing on or off.
paths with suffix and trailing slashes with suffix removal
permissions will be given as 2's complement form of -07777
permissions will be given as octal equivalent value of 777
persistent connections cannot be closed but only be killed
read 14 Bytes from the WebP-File, that contains the header
reading the values from file using different float formats
reading the values from file using different octal formats
return without a value, so when included, NULL is returned
see pdo_mysql_stmt_unbuffered_2050.phpt for an explanation
socket_close() closes the socket resource given by socket.
sscanf is a builtin that takes all additional args by ref.
stop: otherwise hoistability would create an infinite loop
strict Should fail because string isn't a supertype of int
temp dir creating and deleting subdir and files in the dir
test the effects on stats by changing permissions of a dir
testing that names existing on both sides of if is defined
this could fail with shorter returns, but it never does...
this is an Apache Licensed font, see separate LICENSE file
this should end up using the cufiter (hhas) implementation
this test randomly fails on Windows and this is the cause.
to ensure all elements are displayed get an unset variable
token_name() gets the symbolic name for a PHP token value.
urlencode so that non-ascii shows up parsable in phpt file
variations in multiplier as well as string to be repeated.
/* IEEE special values / /* leading and trailing whitespace
@return     mixed   An array of ReflectionProperty objects.
@return     mixed   Retrieves the current line of the file.
@return - The value of the field (column) at the given row.
@return DateInterval - Returns a new DateInterval instance.
@return a RecursiveDirectoryIterator for the current entry.
@return array - Array of all I/O so far for current thread.
@return bool - Returns FALSE if the first statement failed.
@return bool - Returns TRUE on success or FALSE on failure.
@return bool - true if the match succeeded, false otherwise
@return float - The parsed numeric value or FALSE on error.
@return int - Returns an integer of the effective group ID.
@return int - Returns the number of elements of an element.
@return int - The current date type value of the formatter.
@return mixed - Returns a shared memory segment identifier.
@return the name of the file where the exception was thrown
A lot of behaviour needs to be specialcased to collections.
All methods are the same as the base `AsyncMysqlException`.
Also, JP2 files may contain multiple JPEG 2000 codestreams.
Attempts to change the group of the file filename to group.
Behave like a builtin function so that we pass Zend's tests
BuiltinEnum contains the utility methods provided by enums.
By default, the current connection is reusable by the pool.
Call the static function and move into the ErrorCodes scope
Called from the subject (i.e. when it's value has changed).
Check if a code point has the White_Space Unicode property.
Check that the right operand of 'instanceof' is not an enum
Checks whether a provided key exists in the current `Pair`.
Class for simple errors - one too many args and one too few
Collation keys can be compared directly instead of strings.
Converted to JIS (base64 encoded) Test for multiple slcaler
Emit local variables those are used for helpers' parameters
Ends an artificial frame that xhprof_frame_begin() started.
Even the browser may buffer its input before displaying it.
Fetches all the structured information for a given message.
File names containing special(non-alpha numeric) characters
For now, we don't do IMemoizeParam type checks on generics.
Get the line number at the end of the definition of class C
Get the list of procedures stored in a specific data source
Gets the contents of the output buffer without clearing it.
Gets the time of the last modification of the current page.
Give the server a second to really kill the other thread...
If an IV was used during encryption, it is returned via iv.
If an error occurs a warning will be displayed accordingly.
If config doesn't provide a test suffix, assume the default
If divisor is 0, a DivisionByZeroError exception is thrown.
If needle is not found, strpos() will return boolean FALSE.
If negative, it starts counting from the end of the string.
If set to NULL, the existing file format will be preserved.
If use has requested a class check that method is specified
It accepts either a single entry name or an array of names.
It is guaranteed to have all of the fields in the skeleton.
It is undefined if the server replies to the query and how.
It should be either "B" (Base64) or "Q" (Quoted-Printable).
Lists columns and associated privileges for the given table
Make sure the database is still up and the network is okay.
Make sure things cleanup when curl_multi_await is abandoned
Make sure this backtracking handles line numbers correctly.
Maps the specified character to a "mirror-image" character.
Memcache::addServer() adds a server to the connection pool.
Note that 'alphabetic' is determined by the current locale.
Now we should be back to autocommit - we've issues a commit
Object-level additions are done by the ldap_add() function.
Oddly, Linux does not support IPV6_PKTINFO in sockgetopt().
PDO thinks autocommit is off, but its manually turned on...
PHP_SESSION_ACTIVE if sessions are enabled, and one exists.
Pass a function that will be called if any invariant fails.
Pass an unknown encoding to mb_strripos() to test behaviour
Pass array_merge arrays with string keys to test behaviour.
Recursively test all sub scripts of provided statement list
ReflectionTypeAlias should autoload the alias it references
Register a function with the spl provided __autoload stack.
Remove data we don't need as otherwise the caches get huge.
Return the process group identifier of the current process.
Return type check is already performed in the generic test.
Returns a string representation of this regular expression.
Returns an Iterable that produces the values from this Set.
Returns an array built from the values from this ImmVector.
Returns an array of information about all connection pools.
Returns the entry identifier for first entry in the result.
Returns the extension for the given IMAGETYPE_XXX constant.
Returns the matched part of a multibyte regular expression.
Returns the type of the column identified by column_number.
Returns whether the state of interval tracking was changed.
Scalar values are integer, float, string or boolean values.
Set the EG(error_reporting) value, returning the old value.
Should throw a warning as setPrefixPart expects 2 arguments
So it is equivalent to reading an entry from the directory.
Sort the entries by values using "natural order" algorithm.
Source code: ext/standard/string.c Alias to functions: none
Static and instance array using class constants with parent
TXT txt: Arbitrary string data associated with this record.
Takes a well-formed XML string and returns it as an object.
Test array_search() with different possible haystack values
Test arsort with more than the expected number of arguments
Test basic functionality of array_key_exists() with objects
Test behavior around exceptions leaking out of destructors.
Test if the inner value type of AKvec is correctly inferred
Test krsort with more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_chunk() function with following conditions 1.
Testing asort() function with all possible error conditions
Testing count() by passing constant with no second argument
Testing fgetcsv() by reading a file containing a blank line
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when delimiter is NULL
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when enclosure is NULL
Testing ksort() function with all possible error conditions
Testing strspn() : with unexpected values of start argument
Testing strval with a object which has no toString() method
The base in which number is given is specified in frombase.
The extension of the filename defines the type of the file.
The function returns 1 if it matches with the empty string.
The number of database rows affected in the current result.
The string representations as generated during construction
The structure of the ini file is the same as the php.ini's.
The structure of this shape is specified in reflection.hhi.
The supported encodings are ISO-8859-1, UTF-8 and US-ASCII.
The unit depends on the type of the resource being limited.
The user supplied callback function is used for comparison.
There is one exception, if var is NULL, 0 will be returned.
These APIs are listed as "subject to change", avoid for now
This is a micro-test for a specific, tricky bug in the jit.
This is a noop fallthrough so we should not do an intersect
This is deliberately an unconfigurable convenience wrapper.
This method is executed when checking if offset is empty().
This will cause elements with higher keys to be renumbered.
This will only return `true` if the provided key is 0 or 1.
This will pass even though there is a newline in the value.
Tuple-like arrays used with list(...) statement check arity
Use combination of imagesetstyle() and imageline() instead.
Variation 1 : Check working of third argument of readfile()
Verify that our implementation works regardless of position
Verify that the reserialized data is equal to the original.
Wait for a given Awaitable to finish and return its result.
Warning This class has been DEPRECATED as of version 1.3.0.
Warning: This function has been DEPRECATED as of PHP 5.3.0.
We don't test_mysqli_get_client_stats_table_1 the NDB ones.
We treat these tests as no-ops with respect to calculation.
When a hack collection is cast to array, this calls toArray
Yes, I really want to check if the object property is empty
You can also use the memcache_set_server_params() function.
You can manually set this using the curl_setopt() function.
a simple request class that lets us handle http based tests
array access will be implemented by the time we get to here
array of different types of array values for 'val' argument
assuming the test is run in a plain-vanilla CLI environment
blocked (bool) - TRUE if the stream is in blocking IO mode.
calling array_fill with negative values for 'num' parameter
certain all-uppercase Latin sequences can be spoof of Greek
create only the file, as base and subdir is already created
create temporary directories - will remove in CLEAN section
dump the object check the object and member that is not set
enough to fool hphpc into leaving the IssetS,EmptyS opcodes
flag value as defualt SORT_REGULAR - compare items normally
generate new private key of specified size to use for tests
giving long string to check for proper memory re-allocation
hexdec() converts a hexadecimal string to a decimal number.
initialing required variables initialing required variables
ipv6: Address for this specific record to merge with chain.
link name stored in side an array  with default numeric key
loop through each element of the array for key_compare_func
loop through each element of the array for process_sections
loop through each element of the array for use_include_path
loop through to check working of each() on different arrays
make RecursiveDirectoryTree::current() return getPathname()
permissions will be given as octal equivalent value of 7777
pretty dump test, but that is the best way to mimic mysql.c
print, this is found set the found locale as current locale
property This doc comment block generated by idl/sysdoc.php
reading the values from file using different string formats
should return a notice that the constant is already defined
some builds of php do not support this, silence the warning
strict Nonexisting field in intersection of declared shapes
test the effects on stats with changing permissions of file
test ucwords() with different string prepared using heredoc
the "current" element as seen by the iterator is unmodified
this is not fine since it is not a subdir of an allowed dir
with a different story with respect to unreachable code ...
4 - a string containing all not used characters is returned.
@func       mixed   The function to reflect parameters from.
@return     int   A numeric representation of the modifiers.
@return     mixed   A string with the calculated identifier.
@return     mixed   TRUE if NULL is allowed, otherwise FALSE
@return - an `ImmMap` with the values of the current `Pair`.
@return array - Array consisting of new_wand and distortion.
@return bool - TRUE if a debugger is attached, FALSE if not.
@return int - Returns 1 if client disconnected, 0 otherwise.
@return int - Returns the current instruction counter value.
@return int - Total number of bytes flushed since last flush
@return int - number of seconds the server has been running.
@return mixed - Returns TRUE on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the read string or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - The resulting DOMDocument or FALSE on error.
@return string - Returns the ISO-8859-1 translation of data.
@return string - Returns the WDDX packet, or FALSE on error.
@return string - Returns the unique identifier, as a string.
@return string - The result of the subtraction, as a string.
@return string - The uncompressed string, or FALSE on error.
@serialized mixed   The string representation of the object.
A class that handles result sets for the SQLite 3 extension.
A maximum of 8192 uncompressed bytes will be read at a time.
Also verifies that everything is where it is supposed to be.
An out-of-band data transmission mechanism may be supported.
Binds to the LDAP directory with specified RDN and password.
But just keep executing anyway and use the previous value...
By default, the PHP driver always uses type 2: a byte array.
Can also be determined later using stream_socket_get_name().
Checks each key to see whether it has a valid variable name.
Container for all possible variation test cases for a method
Container for all possible variation test cases of functions
Counts all elements in an array, or properties in an object.
Defining __construct and filter makes filter a normal method
Different systems have different naming schemes for locales.
FIXME: HHVM doesn't support the disable_functions directive.
Files within PharData archives do not have this restriction.
For Oracle map NULL to empty string so the test doesn't diff
For Zip-based archives, this method fails with an exception.
Get currently running wait handle, or null if there is none.
Get the available paths in the current compilation database.
Get the list of table names stored in a specific data source
Hack should allow this in partial (lives in PHP land, maybe)
If absent, default or current connection will be applied to.
If browser_name is omitted or null, HTTP_USER_AGENT is used.
If the newChild is already in the tree, it is first removed.
If we have a connection going, then send it a break command.
Initialise function arguments not being substituted (if any)
Initialize function arguments not being substituted (if any)
It is either an array, or a comma separated enumerated list.
It is useful to prevent so-called "Invalid Encoding Attack".
It should *not* change the timezone if the input implies it.
Like all objects in PHP, Maps have reference-like semantics.
Like all objects in PHP, Sets have reference-like semantics.
Memcache::decrement() decrements value of the item by value.
MongoMaxKey has no associated fields, methods, or constants.
MongoMinKey has no associated fields, methods, or constants.
Once the last benchmark has been executed, null is returned.
Operation in progress  Connecting to the database timed out.
PDO::exec() does not return results from a SELECT statement.
Pack given arguments into binary string according to format.
Pass an unknown encoding to iconv_strpos() to test behaviour
Pass an unknown encoding to iconv_substr() to test behaviour
Registers a User Defined Function for use in SQL statements.
Restores a given configuration option to its original value.
Return something that looks close to the hh_client response.
Return the numeric effective user ID of the current process.
Returns a ImmMap built from the keys and values of this Map.
Returns a ImmMap built from the keys and values of this Set.
Returns a Map built from the keys and values of this ImmMap.
Returns a Map built from the keys and values of this ImmSet.
Returns a Map built from the keys and values of this Vector.
Returns an array containing the values from this VectorLike.
Returns an iterator that points to beginning of this ImmMap.
Returns an iterator that points to beginning of this ImmSet.
Returns an iterator that points to beginning of this Vector.
Returns the nesting level of the output buffering mechanism.
Returns the system type identifier of the remote FTP server.
SRV  pri: (Priority) lowest priorities should be used first.
See Exceptions for more information about Exceptions in PHP.
See fopen() for more details on how to specify the filename.
See openssl_csr_new() for more information about configargs.
Set the iterator position to index beyond the last character
Sets the Certificate Authority (CA), both for path and info.
Sets the default handler function for the XML parser parser.
Sorts an array by key, maintaining key to data correlations.
TODO: Workaround for large parameter list pending ActRec aPI
Test array_map() by passing array having different subarrays
Test end with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test rsort() with more than the expected number of arguments
Test showing breakpoints on async functions in the debugger.
Testing array_chunk() function with following conditions  1.
Testing arsort() function with all possible error conditions
Testing krsort() function with all possible error conditions
Testing strcspn() : with unexpected values of start argument
The commit hash has changed and we need to download new code
The conversion is done byte-wise with the high-nibble first.
The following is a list of common errors, codes, and causes.
The function parses the HTML contained in the string source.
The items supported by iconv_mime_encode() are listed below.
This class represents the ICU date formatting functionality.
This does not indicate whether the user accepted the cookie.
This has no effect on the query if all shards are reachable.
This result comes from a call to mysql_async_query_result().
Typical situations lie somewhere between these two extremes.
Use shtool to find out if there is glibtool present (MacOSX)
Use this function in server mode to collect results instead.
Used with mysql_multi_query() to move the result set on one.
Versions prior to 4.1 have a weak test and will accept this.
We map those to PHP numeric types - no padding/filling done.
You can also use the memcache_get_extended_stats() function.
You can leave it out and use an empty array or NULL instead.
You should never have to do this under normal circumstances.
adding a string to the input string which is being tokenised
anonymous callback function with argument and null statement
array of SimpleClass objects having more than one properties
callback function without parameter and without return value
confirm the closure, using ftell() and feof(), expect, false
create directory to be passed as string value where possible
different strings containing regular chars and special chars
expected: bool(true) call isset() with two args, but one set
expected: bool(true) set the member variable lable and check
extension This doc comment block generated by idl/sysdoc.php
file is modified, get a list of tests that execute this file
finds any digit that's not 4 10 digits from the end(1 match)
flag  value as defualt SORT_REGULAR - compare items normally
ftp_connect() opens an FTP connection to the specified host.
go through method info array marking this function as tested
if it errors out, just ignore it and rely on regular methods
imagedestroy() frees any memory associated with image image.
in php, it incorrectly reports problems with iv in ECB mode.
in the future we can store size separately and pad the array
increment with initial value only works with binary protocol
loop through each element of the array for associative_array
loop through each element of the array for data_compare_func
loop to test ftruncate() with different invalid type of args
mysqli_poll() is then used to get results from such queries.
offset value, length value and preserve_key values variation
parameter This doc comment block generated by idl/sysdoc.php
reading the values from file using different formats formats
reading the values from file using different integer formats
remove execute permission from 2nd parent and test scandir()
should return one value key pair with key being in lowercase
should return one value key pair with key being in uppercase
strcoll() uses the current locale for doing the comparisons.
test fflush() with handle of files opened in different modes
test the effects on stats by deleting file/subdir from a dir
test the effects on stats with creating file/subdir in a dir
test wordwrap by passing different values for break argument
test wordwrap by passing different values for width argument
the qualifiedName has a prefix and the  namespaceURI is null
touch a file check stat, there should be difference in atime
uri (string) - the URI/filename associated with this stream.
'false' sets the parser to strictly parse strings into dates.
- when the day *is* the same as the day on the original date:
0 will be considered as FALSE and removed in default callback
@cmp_function mixed   The compare function used for the sort.
@delimiter  mixed   The field delimiter (one character only).
@name       mixed   The name of the property being reflected.
@return     mixed   Returns an ArrayObject object on success.
@return     mixed   The inner iterator for the current entry.
@return     mixed   The value at the specified index or NULL.
@return - a `Vector` with the elements of the current `Pair`.
@return array - Returns array on success or FALSE on failure.
@return int - Returns 1 if the script timed out, 0 otherwise.
@return mixed - Domain name encoded in ASCII-compatible form.
@return mixed - Returns a string on success, FALSE otherwise.
@return mixed - Returns a string or an array of replacements.
@return mixed - Returns an array, or NULL if an error occurs.
@return mixed - Returns array on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the position where the needle exists.
@return mixed - The character encoding name, as per the type.
@return mixed - The integer division of numerator by divisor.
@return string - Append item name for the given pattern field
@return string - Returns the Internet IP address as a string.
@return string the filename if valid, empty string otherwise.
@return void no return value, exception is thrown on failure.
@return whether the current is a directory (not '.' or '..').
A new month was started when the new moon was first observed.
And the main source directory 'PHPUnit' was changed to 'src'.
Assume user code will contain the elements for file and line.
Attributes include the image width, height, size, and others.
Average loop time of the MySQL client event, in microseconds.
Both portions of the string are returned in units of seconds.
Called when iteration begins (after the first rewind() call).
Calling chunk_split() with default chunklen and ending string
Calling getReturn() directly here is okay due to auto-priming
Calling sizeof() with zero and more than expected arguments .
Cannot access parent:: when current class scope has no parent
Category/locale names can be found in  RFC 1766 and  ISO 639.
Check if handler accepts such types of operands (op1 and op2)
Class for method under test (see gtFunction for non-OO tests)
Crop an image automatically using one of the available modes.
Docs say bool, but Zend's default implementation returns null
Encrypted data can be decrypted via openssl_public_decrypt().
File testing corner cases for initialization of class members
Flag for checking whether to call begin/endIteration() or not
For other successful queries mysqli_query() will return TRUE.
Frees up the memory allocated internally to store the result.
Get the line number at the start of the definition of class C
Has no effect unless libxml_use_internal_errors() is enabled.
Has no explicit return, but implicitly return NULL at the end
However, they cannot contain " ", "." or be the empty string.
I let it fail to prove that closeCursor() makes a difference.
If type is omitted, it returns the last input type processed.
Import variables from an array into the current symbol table.
Individual values are accessed by integer index in the array.
Initialise function arguments not being substititued (if any)
Instances of this class are used to interact with a database.
It does not matter if a value has leading white space or not.
It is ok to make this a string, since this clause is terminal
Maps the specified character to its paired bracket character.
Memcache::flush() immediately invalidates all existing items.
Might have been sent a Ctrl-c while waiting for the response.
Non exhuastive match, but we don't care because no annotation
Not all PDO drivers implement this method (notably PDO_ODBC).
Note that you may put multiple tokens in the token parameter.
Note this value is returned internally to PHP for processing.
Number of arguments not matching as specified in format field
Otherwise later operations take effect outside clipping path.
PDO::ATTR_TIMEOUT: Specifies the timeout duration in seconds.
Pass a function that will be called if any `invariant` fails.
Pass an unknown encoding to mb_strtolower() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to abs() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to end() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to key() to test behaviour
Pass rsort() an array of hexadecimal values to test behaviour
Performs a "han-kaku" - "zen-kaku" conversion for string str.
Playing with the port makes only sense if no socket gets used
Please note sessions use an alternative serialization method.
Removes the specified value from this Set and returns itself.
Return the numeric effective group ID of the current process.
Returns a Set built from the keys of the specified container.
Returns a Set built from the values from the specified array.
Returns an array of files and directories from the directory.
Returns the value at the specified key in the current `Pair`.
See socket_create() for the full list of supported protocols.
Set the flag so that the array keys can be used as properties
Should fail because the TLSv1.1 hello method is not supported
Should fail because the TLSv1.2 hello method is not supported
Small utilities for wrapping tests to put output into fbmake.
Step 1: Find the two points with the min and max x positions.
Test AKempty promotion affecting an array inside a collection
Test each with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test for the datefmt_parse_localtime  function with parse pos
Test for the datefmt_parse_timestamp  function with parse_pos
Test is_a with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mail with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test next with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test prev with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing 86pinit's effects on private property type inference.
Testing array_walk() with an array having reference variables
That is invoke their next() method regardless of their state.
The PHP group is in the process of depracating this behavior.
The Types of filters manual page lists the available filters.
The __destruct() method will not be called after this method.
The decimal value is used in formatting fractions of seconds.
The easiest way is to create a field in the current document.
The fetch_style parameter determines how PDO returns the row.
The file protocol is disabled by cURL if open_basedir is set.
The following int constants are used to specify the calendar.
The position is represented by bytes from the head of string.
The structure of the ini string is the same as the php.ini's.
This choses a random secondary for a connection to read from.
This comparison is done by a user supplied callback function.
This function is used to set any of the formatter attributes.
This is hardcoded and can not be changed with allowable_tags.
This is most likely due to a problem initializing the socket.
This is most likely not implemented on your operating system.
This is the first method called when starting a foreach loop.
This new object can then be used as a native DOMElement node.
This parameter can NOT override server-side preset sizelimit.
This parameter can NOT override server-side preset timelimit.
This parameter represents the variation on the quantum range.
This setting affects mb_detect_encoding() and mb_send_mail().
This test shouldn't inline right now (if it does it crashes).
To export several functions, pass an array of function names.
To show variables with numerical prefixes cannot be extracted
Unregister a function from the spl provided __autoload stack.
Unset first element of an array and test behaviour of reset()
Use a fixed prefix so we can ensure length of o/p id is fixed
Use the timeout to avoid curl SlowTimer timeouts and problems
Utilities for storing and retrieving files from the database.
We have this pattern: Tests: 364, Assertions: 585, Errors: 5.
When parsing currency, default currency definitions are used.
When writing unit tests, one may want to stub out a function.
While there is more than one node left in the priority queue:
You can override a private function with a public one in php.
any int will work since this::T won't be expression dependent
associative array with numeric keys, which will be re-indexed
call fgetcsv() to parse csv fields use only default arguments
charsets cannot take any other value but utf8 in unicode mode
check for even integer values by inspecting the low-order bit
cpu The amount of time the process is allowed to use the CPU.
create temporary directory for test, removed in CLEAN section
different variables which are used as elements of 'array_arg'
execution is suspended here, so the following never gets run:
fflush and end the output buffering to internal output buffer
ftp_rename() renames a file or a directory on the FTP server.
get int(10) as that is the type/value of the underlying thing
getAllKeys doesn't seem to work until after another operation
make sure it isn't catching exceptions that weren't thrown...
null because no inheritance, so no access to protected member
permissions will be given as ocatal equivalent value of 0x777
reading the values from file using different unsigned formats
returns an array containing a record for each defined method.
start the buffering of next command to internal output buffer
test readfile() by providing an include path, second argument
the first part isn't relevant generate the line offsets array
the timezone can be overridden when not specifying a calendar
this comment-like thingy really is part of the string literal
try to truncate it to a negative size, size should not change
uses RenameFunction to ensure that all arguments are retained
vfsstream already provides isolation for unit tests, allow it
with default args  check the file pointer position and if eof
zend 5.5 doesn't warn on this access, but warns on all others
@escape     mixed   The escape character (one character only).
@return     bool    TRUE if it has the method, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   A numeric representation of the modifiers.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if readable, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   Returns an integer representing the flags.
@return     mixed   Returns the Exception message as a string.
@return     mixed   Returns the offset position after seeking.
@return     mixed   Returns the result of the invoked function
@return     mixed   Returns the target of the filesystem link.
@return     mixed   TRUE if the offset exists, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   The last change time, in a Unix timestamp.
@return     mixed   The sub path (sub directory) and filename.
@return array - Returns an array containing the entry details.
@return array - Returns an array with all the supported modes.
@return int     Current collation strength, or false on error.
@return int - Returns error code from last bundle object call.
@return int - Returns the crc32 checksum of str as an integer.
@return int - Returns the number of columns in the result set.
@return mixed - If an error occurs, fpassthru() returns FALSE.
@return mixed - The new DOMAttr or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return mixed - The new DOMText or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return resource - Returns a MySQL link identifier on success.
@return resource - Returns a copy of Hashing Context resource.
@return string - The best pattern found for the given skeleton
@return string - The last line from the result of the command.
@return string - The locale name used to create the formatter.
A task that manipulates work packets and then suspends itself.
Add microbenchmarks to BasicOps.php and add calls to them here
Allows detailed specification of the modifications to perform.
An optional query string may be used to specify extra options.
Any additional characters beyond 1024 bytes will be truncated.
At that point, this function will return the chosen secondary.
Attempts to change the group of the symlink filename to group.
Blending mode is not available when drawing on palette images.
But the above assignment causes a new expression id to be made
CURLFile can be used to upload a file with CURLOPT_POSTFIELDS.
Calling strspn() with three arguments and default len argument
Checks if a transaction is currently active within the driver.
Checks whether the child status code represents a normal exit.
Compatibility decomposition followed by canonical composition.
Construct the argument list to pass to the method being tested
Contains some reusable utilities for command line php scripts.
Converts a Julian Day Count to the French Republican Calendar.
Create some data buckets proportional to the number of threads
Currently, all of the available tests live in the code itself.
Documentation on filters can be found in the Filters appendix.
Don't add to .gitattributes file if it already exists in there
Due to inheriting from an interface, this code fatals in HHVM.
Encodes a given string str by the MIME header encoding scheme.
Encrypted data can be decrypted via openssl_private_decrypt().
Errors related to timestamp/nonce are thrown to this callback.
Even an InfiniteIterator stops if its inner Iterator is empty.
Executes a prepared statement and returns a result set object.
Extension point for subclasses to execute code after Composer.
Extracts/decodes a message section from the supplied filename.
First pass through, "learn" that these calls go to C1::__call.
Following character sets are supported in PHP 4.3.0 and later.
Generates handler for undefined opcodes (CALL threading model)
If array is empty (or is not an array), NULL will be returned.
If size is smaller than the file, the extra data will be lost.
If specified, the path to which data is saved will be changed.
In addition, it is slow too, as it involves string comparison.
In general produces smaller output compared to fb_serialize().
Include a file that has a return statement with a return value
Incrementally parse data into the supplied mime mail resource.
It returns exactly what the system setlocale function returns.
KEkIE8+MlC9a7luoW63IostXbA2nwPSeTFaJHqDnidiboBic2wtVKG18bWgN0s
LOCK_NB to not block while locking (not supported on Windows).
Longer test case from http://www.schneier.com/code/vectors.txt
Loop to test normal functionality with different arrays inputs
Make sure that we find a fixed point on the FPIKind correctly.
Note that structures are deserialized into associative arrays.
Object-level deletions are done by the ldap_delete() function.
Otherwise, it returns an array of keys for the random entries.
Overloading only used on this when accessed outside the class.
PDO::MYSQL_ATTR_MAX_BUFFER_SIZE (integer) Maximum buffer size.
PDO::query() will prepare and execute a statement in one step.
Part 1: Storing the result of a function in a static variable.
Pass a non-object as the parameter for binding the closure to.
Pass incorrect number of arguments to next() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to prev() to test behaviour
Pick random number between 1 and max 16 bit unsigned int 65535
Please read server documentation for what a pagelet server is.
Possible values for flags MSG_OOB Send OOB (out-of-band) data.
Print output if format is human readable, but not not verbose.
Re-add __DIR__ if not there so we have a full test path to run
Remove the two nodes of highest priority (lowest probability).
Resets the prepared statement to its state prior to execution.
Returns a ImmSet containing the first n values of this ImmSet.
Returns a Set built from the values from the specified arrays.
Returns a Vector containing the first n values of this Vector.
Returns a string containing number represented in base tobase.
Returns an Iterable that produces the values from this ImmSet.
Returns an Iterable that produces the values from this Vector.
Returns an array built from the keys and values from this Map.
Returns the length of the written string, or FALSE on failure.
Returns the local or remote name of a given socket connection.
Returns the login name of the user owning the current process.
Returns the name of the column specified by the column_number.
Returns the pixel height of a character in the specified font.
Returns the position of the file pointer referenced by handle.
SQLITE3_OPEN_CREATE: Create the database if it does not exist.
Set a callback function that is called when php tries to exit.
Source code: Zend/zend_builtin_functions.c Alias to functions:
Source code: ext/posix/posix.c Alias to functions: posix_errno
Splay to make sure that the new root has an empty right child.
Supported target encodings are ISO-8859-1, US-ASCII and UTF-8.
Suppress constant with constant comparison warnings on windows
Suppress recording of internal error recording to save memory.
Test chdir with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test chmod with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test count with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test count() returns correct error when parameters are passed.
Test crc32 with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test fscanf() to scan arrays using different char format types
Test fscanf() to scan arrays using different hexa format types
Test how array_diff_assoc compares integers, floats and string
Test mb_ereg_match by passing an incorrect number of arguments
Test nl2br with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test reset with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test stepping with continuations and exceptions around throws.
Test that COW makes materializing an ImmSet an O(1) operation.
Test usort with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_sum() with associative array as 'input' argument
Testing fgetcsv() to read from files opened in write only mode
Testing vprintf() : basic functionality - using integer format
Tests if already/default namespace mappings can be overridden.
The PHP driver uses the "native" error code wherever possible.
The __construct() method will not be called after this method.
The advantage is that it allows a faster array implementation.
The children of this parent are the same children as one above
The scope is a associative array of variable name/value pairs.
The server currently 17.07.2007 can't handle data sent in ucs2
The value returned should be read in minutes, defaults to 180.
Therefore adding an explicit skip, remove it to run this test.
This class represents the ICU number formatting functionality.
This function creates a new instance of class DOMCDATASection.
This is a fairly serious error and may not have a stack trace.
This method is only useful with a connection to a replica set.
This more than covers the period when the calendar was in use.
This pointer may be used with fgets(), fgetss(), and fwrite().
This raises the E_STRICT in PHP 4/5, but not in HHVM or PHP 7+
This will sort based on path, not including any appended file.
To insert (or query for) a non-UTF-8 string, use MongoBinData.
Unlike array_diff() the array keys are used in the comparison.
Uses ICU ucol_getSortKey() to gain more speed on large arrays.
Using UTF-8 internally allows to encode/decode ALL characters.
Utility to return a unique base skeleton from a given pattern.
Various variables definitions used for testing of the function
Verifying shm_remove_var worked, this is not sure test though.
We *want* this to fail and thus not output the watch statement
When a hack collection is cast to boolean, this checks toEmpty
Zero is returned if no issues are found with the input string.
`await` or `join` this result to obtain the actual connection.
check for extensions that need special handling and regenerate
consistent with reference, but perhaps not particularly useful
creating a new node (descendant) and getting it as the refnode
fb_debug_backtrace - returns the current backtrace minus junk.
fwrite() returns the number of bytes written or FALSE on error
http://www.php.net/manual/en/language.operators.comparison.php
if we're looking for a specific method, skip unless we have it
imagewbmp() outputs or save a WBMP version of the given image.
key() returns the index element of the current array position.
loop through each element of the cmp_values for 'cmp_function'
loop through to compare the strings, for various length values
needle and haystack are examined in a case-insensitive manner.
new stat of the file, after a softlink to this file is created
non-Gregorian calendar that is locale-defined, required by ICU
owner has rw only, group has no permission and others have rwx
require a file that has a return statement with a return value
test join() by passing pieces as array containing sub array(s)
test shuffle() with array containing heredoc strings as values
test the effects of writing to a file on the stats of the file
test wordwrap() by supplying different values for cut argument
trim with unset/null/boolean variable - retuns an empty string
we only want to know that src directory is in the include path
- when the day is not the same as the day on the original date:
1.flag value as default 2.SORT_REGULAR - compare items normally
@cls        mixed   The class name, that contains the property.
@filename   mixed   The filename where the exception is thrown.
@internal  AsyncMysqlClient objects cannot be directly created.
@name       mixed   The name of the constant being checked for.
@position   mixed   The zero-based numeric position to seek to.
@return     bool   Returns TRUE on success or FALSE on failure.
@return     bool   TRUE if it has the property, otherwise FALSE
@return     bool   TRUE if the method is final, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   An SplFileInfo object created for the file.
@return     mixed   The opened file as an SplFileObject object.
@return - The number of rows in the current result as an `int`.
@return - an `Awaitable` representing the result of your query.
@return - the total error producing time as `int` microseconds.
@return array - Returns an array with all the parsed meta tags.
@return mixed - Returns a SimpleXMLElement or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the XML, or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return mixed - Returns the function result, or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - Returns the number of bytes read from the file.
@return mixed - Same format as the normal php lstat() function.
@return num - Returns the sum of values as an integer or float.
@return string - Append item format for the given pattern field
@return string - Returns a string containing the error message.
@return string - Returns a string containing the image profile.
@return string - Returns the Internet service name as a string.
@return string - Returns the ROT13 version of the given string.
@return string - Returns the original data or FALSE on failure.
@return string - Returns the string containing the WDDX packet.
@return string - The pattern string being used to format/parse.
@serialized mixed   The serialized representation of a storage.
@value1     mixed   The value of the first node being compared.
A failed server will have its corresponding entry set to FALSE.
Adds an entry to a log file that's written when server crashes.
Adds the values produced by the specified Iterable to this Set.
And here, we need to make sure, that the traits behave the same
Any call to pcntl_alarm() will cancel any previously set alarm.
As an example, if you want to edit the global config.json file.
Attempts to change the owner of the file filename to user user.
BIG5-HKSCS Big5 with Hong Kong extensions, Traditional Chinese.
Case 2: replace some characters so that we get comments instead
Changes the root directory of the current process to directory.
Compare string pairs in the given array using specified locale.
Copies mail messages specified by msglist to specified mailbox.
Data read from socket by socket_recv() will be returned in buf.
Delays program execution for the given number of micro seconds.
Deleting the temporary files and directory used in the testcase
Don't print out any of the PHPUnit Patterns to the errors file.
Extension point for subclasses to execute code before Composer.
Finds position of the first occurrence of a string in a string.
GB2312 936 Simplified Chinese, national standard character set.
Get a certain field (column) value from a certain row as `int`.
Getting equivelent ASCII value for the character in binary form
However, in many cases two colors may differ by a small amount.
If a key only exists in the first array, it will be left as is.
If all goes according to plan, on second time we should get PNG
If i is specified for this parameter, the case will be ignored.
If pad_type is not specified it is assumed to be STR_PAD_RIGHT.
If size is larger than the file it is extended with null bytes.
If the message queue already exists, the perms will be ignored.
If the power cannot be computed FALSE will be returned instead.
If you want to see if a function exists, use function_exists().
In case of static methods, you can pass null to this parameter.
Invalid declaration: shape key names may not start with numbers
It is an error to call this method if no transaction is active.
It's server field will show which server the query was sent to.
Like all objects in PHP, Vectors have reference-like semantics.
Like all objects in PHP, `Pair`s have reference-like semantics.
More complex SetM with array base on the stack, then with a ref
Normalizer provides access to Unicode normalization of strings.
Note that the "named placeholder" is enclosed by double quotes.
Pass array_push arrays where the keys are different data types.
Pass incorrect number of arguments to chdir() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to count() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to reset() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to round() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to rsort() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to srand() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to usort() to test behaviour
Pass rsort() an array containing octal values to test behaviour
Pass rsort() an array of different data types to test behaviour
Presently, the ISO-8859-1 character set is used as the default.
Putting element inside a container should not affect it's type.
Reads attributes and values from an entry in the search result.
Registers the namespaceURI and prefix with the DOMXPath object.
Remember that print_r() will move the array pointer to the end.
Return the number of pagelet tasks started during this request.
Returns a ImmMap built from the keys and values of this ImmSet.
Returns a ImmMap built from the keys and values of this Vector.
Returns a Map built from the keys and values of this ImmVector.
Returns an Iterable that produces the keys from this ImmVector.
Returns an iterator that points to beginning of this ImmVector.
Returns false and raises warning when called from global scope.
Returns the current encoding for a multibyte regex as a string.
Returns the maximum amount of memory the script used until now.
Returns the number of parameters within the prepared statement.
Returns the row ID of the most recent INSERT into the database.
Show that after the first run we're returning the cached result
Silence the Naming phase errors so we see the unification error
SplQueue::enqueue() is an alias of SplDoublyLinkedList::push().
Step 3: Find the point that is farthest from the dividing line.
Test array_diff with less than the expected number of arguments
Test fscanf() to scan arrays using different float format types
Test fscanf() to scan arrays using different octal format types
Test fscanf() to scan strings using different char format types
Test fscanf() to scan strings using different hexa format types
Test gmdate with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test gzopen with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test how array_change_key_case() behaves with different strings
Test static content request after a HPHP session has terminated
Test strncmp() function with the input strings are of all types
Test strspn with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test strval with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test syslog with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test that Map can be accessed through its fully-qualified name.
Test that Set can be accessed through its fully-qualified name.
Test that typechecks work when the underlying type is a typedef
Test that we do not attempt to autoload an already loaded class
Testing array_walk() with an array having subarrays as elements
Testing strspn() : with varying start and default len arguments
Testing vfprintf() : basic functionality - using integer format
Testing vsprintf() : basic functionality - using integer format
The Phar extension supports reading API version 1.0.0 or newer.
The blend method uses the background color as any other colors.
The client IP and port will be null if the connection is local.
The detector only handles UTF-16 if there's a BOM at the front.
The following line will give a Fatal error: Call to private ...
The markers are legal only in certain places in SQL statements.
The probability is relative to the total weight of all servers.
The value can be between 0 and 250 with 0 being a special case.
The values in the entries are indexed by individual attributes.
Then all values in the input array are filtered by this filter.
They can also be set later with FilesystemIterator::setFlags().
This creates a new token incase the current one does not exist.
This new object can then be used as a native SimpleXML element.
This represents errors that cannot be detected at compile time.
This represents errors that should be detected at compile time.
This value must be in the range from 0 to number of fields - 1.
This variable will contain the end position if the parse fails.
Trying to do so will result in a RuntimeException being thrown.
U+2C30 GLAGOLITIC SMALL LETTER AZU (added in 4.1.0, March 2005)
Until we know for sure, let's just create a php symlink to hhvm
Use the ord() function to find the ASCII value for a character.
Will additionally produce a Warning when called on a non-array.
You can change this behaviour by setting preserve_keys to TRUE.
You can unblock it by calling SplHeap::recoverFromCorruption().
You should keep this id for later use with wait_for_response().
are must be decoded on input these are not reencoded on output.
candidate safe idiom for determining whether data is serialized
chooses first match with equal value, 30 matches 30.0 before 30
consistent overflow-behavior - THIS CONTRADICTS ZEND's BEHAVIOR
declaring field as optional is possible only in type annotation
documents if no file is provided, it reads from standard input.
enforce implicit cleaning of the wire and skipping the last row
heredoc array with object, unset variable and resource variable
image2wbmp() outputs or save a WBMP version of the given image.
imagefilter() applies the given filter filtertype on the image.
impossible to assign this since we don't return references here
in collections mode, all traits get an additional static method
ini_set with values expecting numbers but given an empty string
invalid numerics as its prefix with sign or have decimal points
key_exists() returns TRUE if the given key is set in the array.
likely the next iteration will not be within max_execution_time
loop to test the function with each heredoc string in the array
make it not-inlinable Make hhbbc not prove it's going to throw:
msg_stime The time that the last message was sent to the queue.
not exactly what the bug is about, but closely related problem:
open the file in different modes and check the working of fgetc
opening the non-existing file in "x" mode, file will be created
openssl_pkey_new() generates a new private and public key pair.
paths with binary value to check if the function is binary safe
reading the values from file using different scientific formats
see if internal pointer is in same position as referenced array
suppress errors as won't be able to remove "." and ".." entries
test against non-class/non-interface "types" and even non-types
test is_executable() with file/dir having different permissions
test is_readable() with file having different filepath notation
testing natcasesort() function by supplying string object array
testing whether htmlspecialchars_decode() is binary safe or not
variations of three arguments with use of various extract types
- Special case frameworks that don't use PHPUnit (e.g. Thinkup).
/* take an undefined parameter passed byRef and assign it byRef.
/* take an undefined parameter passed byRef and return it byRef.
@class_name mixed   Name of an SplFileInfo derived class to use.
@internal  An iterator implementation for iterating over a Pair.
@param    mixed   Default value to return if index is not found.
@return     bool    Returns TRUE on success or FALSE on failure.
@return     bool   TRUE if a type is specified, FALSE otherwise.
@return     bool   TRUE if the method is public, otherwise FALSE
@return     bool   TRUE if the method is static, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   A string representing the type of the entry.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if executable, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE on success or FALSE on failure.
@return     mixed   Returns an array with trait names in values.
@return     mixed   Returns the severity level of the exception.
@return     mixed   Returns the time the file was last accessed.
@return     mixed   The object at the current iterator position.
@return    array  The resolved type structure of the type alias.
@return - The exception thrown during the `Awaitable` operation.
@return - a `Set` with the current values of the current `Pair`.
@return - an `Awaitable` representing an `AsyncMysqlConnection`.
@return array - An array containing the file, one line per cell.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the entry exists, otherwise FALSE
@return int - Error code returned by the last API function call.
@return int - Returns the character count of str, as an integer.
@return int - Returns the specified resource limit in megabytes.
@return int - TRUE if the refresh was a success, otherwise FALSE
@return mixed - An array of all registered __autoload functions.
@return mixed - Returns a timestamp on success, FALSE otherwise.
@return mixed - Returns the HTML, or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return mixed - Returns the length of the segment as an integer.
@return mixed - Returns the login name of the user, as a string.
@return mixed - Returns the new number of elements in the array.
@return object - Returns an object containing field information.
@return resource - Returns a file pointer (resource) on success.
@return string - Returns a string representation of the address.
@return string - Returns a string with backslashes stripped off.
@return string - Returns error message from last formatter call.
@return string - Returns the name of the current session module.
@return string - Returns the string with meta characters quoted.
@value2     mixed   The value of the second node being compared.
A tile is an image used to fill an area with a repeated pattern.
Access publicId, systemId, name, internalSubset all with values.
Advance to the first valid element contained in a child iterator
Also, I did not ask to get exceptions using the mysqli_options()
An error will be raised if the search parameter is not an array.
BIG5-HKSCS  Big5 with Hong Kong extensions, Traditional Chinese.
Both frombase and tobase have to be between 2 and 36, inclusive.
Calculates the MD5 hash of str using the RSA Data Security, Inc.
Calculates the group access list for the user specified in name.
Call at your own peril as non-hoisted classes might cause fatal.
Called after calling getChildren(), and its associated rewind().
Called when a session starts or when session_start() is invoked.
Can't run all the framework tests and "all but" at the same time
Check that Set::map() removes duplicates from the resulting set.
Construct the argument list to pass to the function being tested
Convert all or part of a YAML document stream to a PHP variable.
Create a new async connection from a synchronous MySQL instance.
Creating number of unique files by passing a file name as prefix
Default to TRUE, meaning the server should be considered online.
Determines whether the specified code point is a base character.
Docs says to pass null, but Zend completely ignores the argument
Expected to fail -- untrusted server cert and no CA File present
For zip-based phar archives, the default extension is .phar.zip.
Force all the types to be in so these don't get constant folded.
Get a file handler to the entry defined by its name (read only).
Gets the XML parser error string associated with the given code.
If `isFailed()` returns `true`, `isSucceeded()` returns `false`.
If `isSucceeded()` returns `true`, `isFailed()` returns `false`.
If an array is passed then each element is fetched and returned.
If no config files were given at the command line, use a default
If parameters given assume they represent selected tests to run.
If this connections isn't SSL, `false` will be returned as well.
If this means to another Iterator then it rewinds that Iterator.
If we've run too few iterations, we continue for another second.
If you have those, we are just double setting variables to true.
If you specify 0, it will return all the elements in the `Pair`.
In case initialisation is necessary foo_global() will be called.
Install if not already installed using the properties set above.
Intentional difference to PHP5: PHP5 just creates an empty file.
It can be one of MB_CASE_UPPER, MB_CASE_LOWER, or MB_CASE_TITLE.
It returns true if the element is even number else returns false
Loop until we read all the bytes we expected or we hit an error.
Modified to test numbers with exponents without a decimal point.
More unusually, they can be saved to the database and retrieved.
NULL indicates an invalid argument was supplied to the function.
Non-numeric number causes returning NULL and emitting E_WARNING.
Opening the non-existing file in "a" mode, which will be created
Opening the non-existing file in "w" mode, which will be created
PHP doesn't handle strings like "12,300.2" correctly by default.
POSIX_F_OK just requests checking for the existence of the file.
Paris and Idiorm have tests with ending digits (e.g. Test53.php)
Pass incorrect number of arguments to getcwd() to test behaviour
Previous to PHP 5.1.0, this function would return -1 on failure.
Print a hashbang if not run from the first source file executed.
Registers a set of classes, replacing any others previously set.
Requires array(string classname, array(mixed constructor_args)).
Retrieve column metadata for a result set returned by a function
Retrieves the TypeStructure for a type constant or a type alias.
Returns a ImmSet built from the keys of the specified container.
Returns a Vector built from the keys of the specified container.
Returns a Vector built from the values from the specified array.
Returns the Unix timestamp corresponding to the arguments given.
Returns the async operation status for a given mysql connection.
Returns the number of the signal which caused the child to stop.
See your system's man execve(2) page for additional information.
Sets the Request Engine, that will be sending the HTTP requests.
Shape-like arrays preserve element types - usage with no errors.
Specify encoding_list character encoding by comma separated list
SplQueue::dequeue() is an alias of SplDoublyLinkedList::shift().
Test array_rand() function with different valid 'req_num' values
Test basic behaviour with existing class and non-existent class.
Test current with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test dirname with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test fscanf() to scan arrays using different string format types
Test fscanf() to scan strings using different float format types
Test fscanf() to scan strings using different octal format types
Test getdate with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test ip2long with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test long2ip with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_ereg with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test opendir with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test readdir with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test scandir with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test strcspn with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test that Pair can be accessed through its fully-qualified name.
Testing is_a with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing mail with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing strcspn() : with varying start and default len arguments
The MySQL server version associated with the current connection.
The length of array increases by the number of variables pushed.
The same is true for the insteadof operator to resolve conflicts
The tests files file would have the wrong path information then.
This causes the previously undefined variable to now be defined.
This class is loosely based on the Symfony UniversalClassLoader.
This function frees a private key created by openssl_pkey_new().
This function is only useful if pcntl_wifexited() returned TRUE.
This function returns the soap version that is currently active.
This is expected to fatal due to embedded newline in the header.
This is null when retrieving the type constant for a type alias.
This method determines if HHVM was built with the EXSLT library.
This method is called by PHP itself when the session is started.
This parameter can be also an integer holding a filter constant.
This serves as a baseclass for iterators for all the containers.
This should raise an error because we are incrementing a string.
Use each of the above functions as an output buffering callback:
Using invalid characters in the salt will cause crypt() to fail.
Variables will be co-erced to a suitable type for the specifier:
You can also use the memcache_set_compress_threshold() function.
Zend allows the class name to be explicitly set to PDOStatement.
acceses element with value 3000  /* checkout order of evaluation
array_args an array containing elements with reference variables
associative array with string keys, which will not be re-indexed
changing permissions for each temporary directory to delete them
creating new object error: as wrong datatype for second argument
define a level-2 namespace that happens to have a level-1 prefix
do nothing, since all variables are defined as constants already
does not contain any implementation that is potentially mutable.
end of inner for loop delete the file created : fwrite_basic.tmp
flush the xml buffer using optional flust argument, default is 1
hphp_invoke() - Used by ReflectionFunction to invoke a function.
initialing required variables defining different heredoc strings
isset() with two args, one arg only unset, expected: bool(false)
make sure we don't confuse the function argument for a type hint
new static() will produce the expression dependent type `static.
now the same with a class that defines the property itself, too.
opening the non-existing file in "x+" mode, file will be created
opening the non-existing file in "xb" mode, file will be created
opening the non-existing file in "xt" mode, file will be created
performs dfs over the heap graph, starting from the given edges.
performs dfs over the heap graph, starting from the given nodes.
return all the locale found in the system, except for broken one
socket_recv() can be used to gather data from connected sockets.
str_rot13 expects 1 param and returns NULL when passed 2 params.
test fflush() with handle to the files opened in different modes
test shuffle() with array containing heredoc strings as its keys
test ucwords() with different string prepared using double quote
test ucwords() with different string prepared using single quote
testing static access for methods and properties in anon classes
this is fine this is fine since it is a subdir of an allowed dir
will return false as pattern would match half way through string
.tmp", "is_file_variation4/is_file*.tmp",  /* Testing Binary safe
@add_empty  mixed   Add missing keys as NULL to the return value.
@entry      mixed   Path within an archive to the file to delete.
@format     mixed   This should be one of Phar::TAR or Phar::ZIP.
@pathto     mixed   Path within an archive to the file to delete.
@return     bool   TRUE if the method is private, otherwise FALSE
@return     int     The current depth of the recursive iteration.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if a directory, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   Returns the size of the array, as an integer.
@return     mixed   The doc comment if it exists, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   The return value from this method is ignored.
@return - an `ImmVector` with the elements of the current `Pair`.
@return - the type of failure, either `'TimedOut'` or `'Failed'`.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if all options were successfully set.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if there is a match, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - TRUE if the refresh was a success, otherwise FALSE
@return mixed - An array containing the elements of the iterator.
@return mixed - Returns the uncompressed data, or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - The new DOMComment or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return mixed - The new DOMElement or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return mixed - The value of the parsed number or FALSE on error.
@return string - The crypto-secure random bytes in binary format.
@return string ID string for the time zone used by this formatter
@save_path  mixed   The path where to store/retrieve the session.
@throws Exception - If generating sufficiently random data fails.
A date is considered valid if each parameter is properly defined.
Add function or method initilaisation statements to the test case
All of the following columns are "too hot" - too server dependent
Also, Sets do not automagically convert integer-like strings (ex.
An ImagickPixel object or a string representing the target color.
An iterator implementation for iterating over a Vector/ImmVector.
Any multi-word arguments (e.g. FROM "joey smith") must be quoted.
Any special ini settings these may overwrite the test defaults...
Array representing a possible record set returned from a database
Both data and keys are compared by using user-supplied callbacks.
By default, fs.files and fs.chunks are the collection names used.
By default, only the - sign is used on a number if it's negative.
Can also be an array of key-value pairs to insert into the cache.
Checks if the data inside `AsyncMysqlConnection` object is valid.
Construct the argument lists to pass to the function being tested
Construct the common closing statements (clean, done, EXPECTF...)
Currently only matches functions, so won't match classes/methods.
Determines whether the code point has the Bidi_Mirrored property.
Dropping a non-existent table with IF EXISTS generates a warning.
False if the key doesn't exist and no initial_value was provided.
Generates array of opcode handlers (specialized or unspecialized)
Get error message from last internationalization function called.
Gets the namespace prefix of the node based on the namespace URI.
Guesses the encoding of an array of bytes in an unknown encoding.
If inside an included file, this lists the included file name(s).
If no element matches the search value, this function returns -1.
If there are no more entries in the result then it returns FALSE.
If there is no debugger that's attached, it will not do anything.
If there is no result set, PDOStatement::columnCount() returns 0.
If trimmarker is set, trimmarker is appended to the return value.
If you don't want an exception to be thrown, use `get()` instead.
Include a file that has a return statement without a return value
Initialise all required variables set up mailbox with one message
Initializing required variables heredoc string for 'str' argument
Insert fails, LAST_INSERT_ID shall not change, API shall return 0
Instead, it will always use the class of the object as its scope.
Invokes a user handler upon calling a function or a class method.
It currently supports a very limited subsection of the YAML spec.
It is also used if an invalid sort_flag value has been specified.
Language tags (and thus locale identifiers) are case insensitive.
Let it go Confirm that we can't deserialize one of these as well.
Make sure we're tolerant of code that swallows typehint failures.
Memcache::decrement() does not create an item if it didn't exist.
Memcache::setServerParams() changes server parameters at runtime.
NOTE: PDO can call regular methods prior to calling __construct()
Normalize to avoid calling __autoload twice for undefined classes
Note that only the first call to strtok uses the string argument.
Opening the non-existing file in "a+" mode, which will be created
Opening the non-existing file in "ab" mode, which will be created
Opening the non-existing file in "at" mode, which will be created
Opening the non-existing file in "w+" mode, which will be created
Opening the non-existing file in "wb" mode, which will be created
Opening the non-existing file in "wt" mode, which will be created
Otherwise, returns TRUE if the query succeeded, FALSE on failure.
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to each() to test behaviour
Pass an unknown comparison function to usort() to test behaviour.
Pass incorrect number of arguments to current() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to opendir() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to readdir() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to scandir() to test behaviour
Pass mb_strlen an incorrect number of arguments to test behaviour
Provide a value of 0 and the radius will be chosen automagically.
Reads all the values of the attribute in the entry in the result.
Replace count characters starting from position offset with data.
Retrieves cached information and meta-data from APC's data store.
Returns FALSE if the driver does not support quoting in this way.
Returns NULL if no operation has been run on the database handle.
Returns a ImmSet built from the values from the specified arrays.
Returns a Map containing the first n key/value pairs of this Map.
Returns a `Vector` containing the elements of the current `Pair`.
Returns a list of the defined functions in the SoapServer object.
Returns an Iterable that produces the values from this ImmVector.
Returns an `array` containing the values from the current `Pair`.
Returns an array built from the keys and values from this ImmMap.
Returns an array containing the key/value pairs from this MapLike
Returns the `AsyncMysqlConnectResult` for the current connection.
Returns the last key from this Map, or null if this Map is empty.
Returns the last key from this Set, or null if this Set is empty.
Right now Ctor's cannot be made protected when defined in a ctor.
See the fopen() documentation for descriptions of possible modes.
Should throw a warning as setExtractFlags expects only 1 argument
Simulates opendir() and readdir() and rewinddir() using an array.
Sort interfaces so that tests do not fail because of wrong order.
Test Basic functionality of iconv_get_encoding/iconv_set_encoding
Test array_map() by passing buit-in function as callback function
Test basename with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test closedir with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test fscanf() to read a file when file pointer is pointing to EOF
Test fscanf() to scan arrays using different integer format types
Test gmmktime with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test gzencode with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test how array_key_exists() behaves with multi-dimensional arrays
Test how key() behaves with muti-dimensional and recursive arrays
Test mb_split with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test strftime with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test strncasecmp() function with the unexpected inputs for 'str1'
Test strncasecmp() function with the unexpected inputs for 'str2'
Test that COW makes materializing an ImmVector an O(1) operation.
Testing array_pad with less than the expected number of arguments
Testing chmod with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing strspn withone less than the expected number of arguments
Testing strspn() : with different heredoc strings as str argument
Testing uasort with ChildClass objects as elements of 'array_arg'
Testing uasort with EmptyClass objects as elements of 'array_arg'
Testing usort with one less than the expected number of arguments
The FilterIterator::accept() must be implemented in the subclass.
The end time of the connection operation, in seconds since epoch.
The end time when the error was produced, in seconds since epoch.
The first argument will contain the file the assertion failed in.
The first call creates the message queue with the optional perms.
The function parses the HTML document in the file named filename.
The server currently 02.09.2011 can't handle data sent in utf16le
The strings will be compared using the options already specified.
The total time for the specific MySQL operation, in microseconds.
The type of returned array depends on how result_type is defined.
These are extension functions that call into o_set() and o_get().
These will be moved out of Collator when Locale class is created.
This example is from https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/3440
This function creates a new instance of class DOMEntityReference.
This function inserts a new node right before the reference node.
This function is not intended to be called directly by user code.
This function is only useful if pcntl_wifstopped() returned TRUE.
This function starts gathering the information for code coverage.
This is a wrapper around ICU Collator C API (declared in ucol.h).
This is okay because we reuse the xml namespace from the document
This message type uses the same internal function as mail() does.
This test is currently just making sure we don't totally explode.
This will return the length of the contents in the output buffer.
To counter-act this, replace these occurrences with a double dot.
Try parsing different Locales with Procedural and Object methods.
Unlike loading XML, HTML does not have to be well-formed to load.
Use PharData::compress() to compress an entire tar-based archive.
Users may not change the array itself from the callback function.
We maintain a stack of sub-iterators - each of which has a state.
We're pretty close to wasting time with test cases at this point.
When given a string it will be cast as an integer when comparing.
When possible, pipes will be used instead of the TCP/IP protocol.
You can find a list of these classes in the chapter introduction.
changing mode of mkdir to prevent creating sub-directory under it
check a variety of acceptable default values and type hints: pass
convert_uuencode() encodes a string using the uuencode algorithm.
create mailbox to test whether options has been set to CL_EXPUNGE
define the files to go into these directories, create one in dir2
dump the arguments to check that they are passed with proper type
e - the argument is treated as scientific notation (e.g. 1.2e+2).
expecting bool(false), except: array(), which is considered empty
get_http_request_size() will return the size of the http request.
imagefilledpolygon() creates a filled polygon in the given image.
imagegif() creates the GIF file in filename from the image image.
imagescale - Scale an image using the given new width and height.
imap_body() will only return a verbatim copy of the message body.
list of lists with just variable assignments - expect 100,200,300
loop through to get the position of the needle in haystack string
microtime() returns the current Unix timestamp with microseconds.
objects have the same resource, but they are not the same object.
opening the non-existing file in "x+b" mode, file will be created
opening the non-existing file in "x+t" mode, file will be created
php generates permission denied, we generate No such file or dir.
reading the values from file using different unsigned int formats
require a file that has a return statement without a return value
second argument charlist as null - does not trim any white spaces
strict Test a bunch of sequencing things that don't cause errors.
test for stats of dir/file when their names are stored in objects
test is_executable() with file having different filepath notation
test the stats of dir/file when their names are stored in objects
testing wordwrap() by providing different values for str argument
the code has to be serialized and unserialized to get a deep copy
the following encoded-words are identical and are UTF-8 Japanese.
this is a token passed to all iterators so it can be invalidated.
this::T is resolved as C::T, and D::T in case of unresolved type.
totalmem The maximum size of the memory of the process, in bytes.
truncate the file to its current filesize, size should not change
using zval_dump() to dump out the objects and its reference count
"" can mess up subobject access and is used by MongoDB internally.
"secure" - The cookie should only be sent over secure connections.
@lineno     mixed   The line number where the exception is thrown.
@path       mixed   The path of the directory to be iterated over.
@priority1  mixed   The priority of the first node being compared.
@return     bool   TRUE if the function is async, otherwise FALSE.
@return     bool   TRUE if the method is abstract, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   Returns scalar on success, or NULL on failure.
@return     mixed   Returns the Exception stack trace as a string.
@return     mixed   Returns the Exception stack trace as an array.
@return     mixed   Returns the behavior flags of the ArrayObject.
@return     mixed   TRUE if an array is expected, FALSE otherwise.
@return DateTime - Returns the DateTime object for method chaining
@return float - A pseudo random float value in the range of (0, 1)
@return int     Error code returned by the last API function call.
@return int - Returns the current setting of session.cache_expire.
@return int - The largest possible random value returned by rand()
@return mixed - Returns the specified argument, or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - The decoded string in internal character encoding.
@return string - String representing the formatted currency value.
@return string - The original uncompressed data or FALSE on error.
@storage    mixed   The storage containing the elements to remove.
Add this packet to the end of a worklist, and return the worklist.
Any special ini settings  these may overwrite the test defaults...
Attempts to change the owner of the symlink filename to user user.
Binds the name given in address to the socket described by socket.
Called when the iteration ends (when valid() first returns FALSE).
Checking with the out of range ASCII value(given in binary format)
Compares container1 against container2 and returns the difference.
Creates a stream or datagram socket on the specified local_socket.
Depending on your version, the MySQL server migit not support this
Determines if the specified character is a space character or not.
Determines whether the specified code point is a letter character.
Determines whether the specified code point is a titlecase letter.
Dumps a string representation of an internal zend value to output.
ENT_NOQUOTES Will leave both double and single quotes unconverted.
For the rest Memcache::add() behaves similarly to Memcache::set().
Get a certain field (column) value from a certain row as `double`.
Get a certain field (column) value from a certain row as `string`.
Get index of the current scheduler context, or 0 if there is none.
Gets the current buffer contents and delete current output buffer.
GridFS is a storage specification all supported drivers implement.
If FALSE or not set, only the top level output buffer is returned.
If I construct a Exception, the passed-in or default "" gets used.
If a key of a different type is used, an exception will be thrown.
If delimiter is an empty string (""), explode() will return FALSE.
If empty string ("") or "root" are passed, UCA rules will be used.
Indent's default is 2 spaces, wordwrap's default is 40 characters.
Integer is handles as an octal representation, so nothing to match
Invalid construction: shape field names may not start with numbers
It acts as though the request's globals should be snapshotted now.
It also doesn't affect PHP's userspace output buffering mechanism.
Length should be 1  /* check all the scalar types for substitution
Moves mail messages specified by msglist to the specified mailbox.
No error: we are sure that there is no field 'z' in returned shape
Note: basic use cases in Zend/tests/009.phpt get an unset variable
Notifies the runner that running a benchmark resulted in an error.
Object-level modifications are done by the ldap_modify() function.
On return, this value will hold the offset at which parsing ended.
Opening the non-existing file in "a+b" mode, which will be created
Opening the non-existing file in "a+t" mode, which will be created
Opening the non-existing file in "w+b" mode, which will be created
Opening the non-existing file in "w+t" mode, which will be created
Optionally you can do this here if you want to fix up the document
PHP5: Succeeded HHVM: Constants may only evaluate to scalar values
Pass arrays of string data to usort() to test how it is re-ordered
Pass incorrect number of arguments to closedir() to test behaviour
Passing different scalar and nonscalar values for 'input' argument
Path modifier that should be applied after adding current element.
Pipe doesn't force you to format with a newline if you don't want.
Prepared statements are released and HANDLER variables are closed.
Prior to 5.3.0, MCRYPT_RAND was the only one supported on Windows.
Retrieves a node specified by index within the DOMNodeList object.
Return the result of the operation, or throw underlying exception.
Return the underlying exception, or fail with invariant violation.
Returns a ImmMap built from the keys and values of this ImmVector.
Returns an array which resembles the stack trace up to this point.
Returns str with all alphabetic characters converted to lowercase.
Returns str with all alphabetic characters converted to uppercase.
Returns the attribute node with name name for the current element.
Returns the first key from this Map, or null if this Map is empty.
Returns the image types supported by the current PHP installation.
SQLITE3_OPEN_READWRITE: Open the database for reading and writing.
Search for opcode handlers those are used by other opcode handlers
See IANA's Operating System Names for the meaning of these values.
See the notes under the installation section for more information.
Set the streams context for the next libxml document load or write
Since T cannot be overridden by sub-classes, we can pass in an int
Since that must happen only once the return value should be equal.
Since this is a failed result wrapper, this always returns `true`.
Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions: date_date_set
Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions: date_time_set
TODO - read only PDO::ATTR_CONNECTION_STATUS PDO::ATTR_SERVER_INFO
Test array_pad with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test fscanf() to scan arrays using different unsigned format types
Test fscanf() to scan strings using different integer format types
Test get_class with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test gzdeflate with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_strlen with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_strpos with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_strstr with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_substr with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test parse_url with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test preg_grep with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test rewinddir with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test serialize with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test str_split with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test that ImmSet can be accessed through its fully-qualified name.
Test urldecode with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test urlencode with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test uses RenameFunction to ensure that all arguments are retained
Test xml_parse with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing gzopen with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing rename() on soft and hard links with different permissions
Testing strcspn withone less than the expected number of arguments
Testing strcspn() : with different heredoc strings as str argument
Testing strval with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing syslog with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing uasort with StaticClass objects as elements of 'array_arg'
Tests a case where prepareFuncEntry throws in a nested VM context.
The file will be stored in the archive with localname as its path.
The index comparison is done by a user supplied callback function.
The message will be unserialized and then returned to your script.
The total time for the successful query to occur, in microseconds.
This class allows you to asynchronously connect to a MySQL client.
This function creates a new instance of class DOMDocumentFragment.
This function is only useful if pcntl_wifsignaled() returned TRUE.
This function replaces the child oldnode with the passed new node.
This function sorts an array in reverse order (highest to lowest).
This is useful when using PHP as a mail client for multiple users.
This returns the hostname MongoId is using to generate unique ids.
Try to specify valid and invalid locale types when getting locale.
Typecheck the currently running endpoint with a given `hh_client`.
Until PHP 4.3.0, omitting it would assume 1024 as the line length.
Use the proxies in case the test needs access to the outside world
Visit the left side first, so push the right side before the left.
With the XDEBUG_TRACE_NAKED_FILENAME flag set, ".xt" is not added.
Write the given text to a temporary file, and return the filename.
You can override this setting by running:  then restarting Apache.
You may get the errno parameter by calling posix_get_last_error().
bindec() interprets all binary_string values as unsigned integers.
contain hexadecimal digits but do not correspond to 'correct' ints
dump the input values to see if they are  passed with correct type
echoMeUnknown with endpoint as header destination, must understand
expected: false as file handle is still open now close file handle
hexdec() will ignore any non-hexadecimal characters it encounters.
lcg_value() returns a pseudo random number in the range of (0, 1).
link doesn't exists as not created, expected false clear the cache
msg_qnum The number of messages waiting to be read from the queue.
now, let's have two columns of different type and do type juggling
our central interop server, where we can get the list of endpoints
override heap to force corruption by throwing exception in compare
printing the input array with strings before the shuffle operation
read data from the file and check, file pointer position, feof etc
stripped-down version of overloading.php for inclusion in the spec
table The name of this column's table as returned by the database.
test for stats of dir/file when their names are stored in an array
this will crash with libmysql from PHP 5.0.6 (or earlier) to 5.3.0
top doesn't take any args, lets see what happens if we give it one
with length, delimiter  check the file pointer position and if eof
"auto" may be used, which expands to "ASCII,JIS,UTF-8,EUC-JP,SJIS".
2 possibilities, phpunit.xml and phpunit.xml.dist for configuration
@priority2  mixed   The priority of the second node being compared.
@return     array  The parameters, as a ReflectionParameter object.
@return     bool   TRUE if the method is protected, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   Returns the base name without path information.
@return     mixed   TRUE if it returns a reference, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   The key for the current DirectoryIterator item.
@return  int  Error code returned by the last Collator method call.
@return - an `array` containing the values from the current `Pair`.
@return - an `array` with the integer keys from the current `Pair`.
@return array - Returns an array with all the supported algorithms.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the filename exists and is writable.
@return bool - This will return TRUE on error, and FALSE otherwise.
@return int - A cURL code defined in the cURL Predefined Constants.
@return int - Return attribute value on success, or FALSE on error.
@return int - Returns the number of matching chars in both strings.
@return mixed -  Returns TRUE if name is callable, FALSE otherwise.
@return mixed - The resultant string on success, or FALSE on error.
@return string - The decoded string, or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return string - The deflated string or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return string - The encoded data, as a string or FALSE on failure.
@return string - The encoded string, or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return string - The string representing the decimal (normally ".")
A wait handle representing asynchronous execution of async function
Check to see if composer dependencies are necessary to run the test
Checks if the asked feature is supported for the specified version.
Clears any output contents that have not been flushed to networked.
Construct a new array iterator from anything that has a hash table.
Cuts a portion of str specified by the start and length parameters.
Default value is the name of the user that owns the server process.
Determines whether the specified code point is a hexadecimal digit.
Determines whether the specified code point is an ISO control code.
Each Phar archive has the API version hard-coded into its manifest.
Each array contains equal strings that differ only in their length.
Edits indicate that a variable is to be changed by imperative code.
For more information about magic_quotes, see this security section.
Generate helper's entry point according to selected threading model
However, doing so will result an in E_STRICT error being generated.
If analyzeTest returns false, then we have most likely hit a fatal.
If status is SKIP, then we just move on and don't count either way.
If we have no final stats, assume some sort of fatal for this test.
If you call them from callback function, the behavior is undefined.
Insert the original right child as the right child of the new root.
Inside the stub of an archive, function Phar::running() returns "".
Interface cannot contain a type constant that is partially abstract
It's a wrapper function for mail(), so see also mail() for details.
Measures and reports on the relative cost of basic HHVM operations.
Pass array_merge() arrays with only numeric keys to test behaviour.
Pass arrays of numeric data to usort() to test how it is re-ordered
Pass different resource types to imap_fetchbody() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to mb_substr() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to rewinddir() to test behaviour
Phar::offsetGet() is used for retrieving files from a Phar archive.
ReflectionClass cannot touch protected or private static properties
Registers a set of classes, merging with any others previously set.
Resets the current date of the DateTime object to a different date.
Resets the current time of the DateTime object to a different time.
Retrieves information about data types supported by the data source
Returns a ImmVector built from the keys of the specified container.
Returns a Set containing all values except the first n of this Set.
Returns a text error message describing the given CURLM error code.
Returns an `ImmVector` containing the values of the current `Pair`.
Returns an array that corresponds to the fetched row, if available.
Returns an array with all keys from input lowercased or uppercased.
Returns an iterator that points to beginning of the current `Pair`.
Returns an iterator that points to the beginning of this Container.
Returns the last value from this Map, or null if this Map is empty.
Returns the last value from this Set, or null if this Set is empty.
Returns the string error message explaining the error number errno.
Run time error would result since we will pass a string, not an int
SITE commands are not standardized, and vary from server to server.
Send the signal sig to the process with the process identifier pid.
Set the names of the mandatory and optional arguments to the method
Sets the character data handler function for the XML parser parser.
Sets the file position indicator for the file referenced by handle.
Since this is a failed result wrapper, this always returns `false`.
TODO(kaili) a quick and dirty way to figure out rocksdb's root dir.
TODO: Refactor Node so that it doesn't store the weight internally.
Test array_rand with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test basic PHP functions to check if it works with multi-byte chars
Test fscanf() to scan strings using different unsigned format types
Test gmstrftime with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test gzcompress with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test imap_close with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_stripos with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_stristr with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_strrchr with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_strrpos with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mcrypt_cbc with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mcrypt_ecb with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test preg_match with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test preg_quote with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test preg_split with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test strip_tags with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test that the internal pointer is reset after calling array_shift()
Test the setlocale() when multiple locales are provided as argument
Test var_export with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_combine with arrays having unequal number of elements
Testing mb_ereg with one less than the expected number of arguments
The class oop_test uses a static reference to a oop_class instance.
The period of this function is equal to the product of both primes.
The start time when the error was produced, in seconds since epoch.
The wrapper used in oldname must match the wrapper used in newname.
This causes hash collisions if the string hash is case-insensitive.
This class should be extended to implement custom iterator filters.
This function allows saving data between requests in a PHP session.
This function is commonly used in IPC (InterProcess Communication).
This function returns the value of a database connection attribute.
This function will send the contents of the output buffer (if any).
This is a JavaScript implementation of the Richards benchmark from:
This kind of exceptions should directly lead to a fix in your code.
This method allows you to run arbitrary JavaScript on the database.
This test is also passing more than two arguments to array_merge().
This test verifies that the casting mechanism is working correctly.
To check this we need to access the iterator's __toString() method.
Try parsing different Locales   with Procedural and Object methods.
UTF-8 This works in PHP 5.x currently, but fatals in HHVM right now
Undefined values here allow a benchmark to define behaviour itself.
Use md5 of the original and current maps to see if we are different
Validates a document based on a schema defined in the given string.
We cannot implement it because we lack a way to unserialize inline.
When language is omitted, it returns the language name as a string.
When max() is given multiple arrays, the longest array is returned.
You probably won't see this because of the "zend_mm_heap corrupted"
array containing different types of array values for 'var' argument
array_unshift() prepends passed elements to the front of the array.
calling check_printr() to display boolean variables using print_r()
calls f like a static function with class name being the trait name
close the directory handle twice using closedir() to test behaviour
different scalar and nonscalar values in place of callback function
each of these should "just work" but stresses NewPackedArray logic.
echoMeUnknown with endpoint NOT header destination, must understand
every character (including whitespace) is put into an array element
feof is not set to true until you try to read past the end of file.
fopen() binds a named resource, specified by filename, to a stream.
has explicit return value, so when included, that value is returned
if running local, calls executeCode, otherwise does an http request
if the test uses POST or GET, and it's not the cgi executable, skip
ignore stuff in our build dir, but only if it is one of our targets
matching string "this" in array(0), result:true in loose type check
not all MySQL Server versions and/or engines might support the type
now check the size of unset variable when different modes are given
offset around 25 years (can't do much more reliably with strtotime)
originally based on ext/standard/tests/file/stream_rfc2397_001.phpt
originally based on ext/standard/tests/file/stream_rfc2397_003.phpt
originally based on ext/standard/tests/file/stream_rfc2397_005.phpt
originally based on ext/standard/tests/file/stream_rfc2397_006.phpt
other php outputs Permission Denied, p8 outputs no suck file or dir
passing array_fill() as the 'val' argument in array_fill() function
permissions are given as 2's complement of octal equivalent of 7777
printing the input array with integers before the shuffle operation
proto int time(void) Function is implemented in ext/date/php_date.c
reconstruct a script (without open/close tags) from the token array
rewind the file and read the file  line by line with allowable tags
rname: Email address of the administrative contain for this domain.
simulate __sleep not having a return statement or returning nothing
source string must have fewer bytes then the smallest pattern above
store the data in a regular file so that we can compare the results
strict Test that we check constraints for the 'as' part of newtypes
strlen is used to remove empty strings, but keep values of 0 (zero)
suppress errors as is generating a lot of "array to string" notices
this returns false since we didn't pass any info to the constructor
tv_sec may be zero , causing socket_select() to return immediately.
we also need to set CURLOPT_VERBOSE to test CURLOPT_STDERR properly
we need to check, if the server allows anonymous login (empty user)
with invalid open tag for testing entire source to be unknown token
(example of a grandfathered tag) Language subtag plus Script subtag:
5 minutes should be enough even for a debug build on a slow machine.
@class_name mixed   The class name to use when openFile() is called.
@escape     mixed   The field escape character (one character only).
@object     mixed   The object whose identifier is to be calculated.
@return     bool   Returns TRUE if this is a trait, FALSE otherwise.
@return     bool   Returns TRUE if this is an enum, FALSE otherwise.
@return     bool   TRUE if the constant is defined, otherwise FALSE.
@return     bool   TRUE if the function is variadic, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   Returns a PHP array, similar to the fixed array.
@return     mixed   Returns the result of the invoked function call.
@return     mixed   TRUE if the property is public, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   TRUE if the property is static, FALSE otherwise.
@return - an `ImmSet` with the current values of the current `Pair`.
@return Collator  New instance of Collator object, or null on error.
@return array - Returns an indexed array of socket transports names.
@return array - Returns the list of locales supported by the bundle.
@return bool - TRUE if parser is lenient, FALSE if parser is strict.
@return int - Returns the maximum random value returned by mt_rand()
@return mixed - If callbackfunc is not NULL returns TRUE on success.
@return mixed - Returns an indexed array containing the fields read.
@return mixed - Returns the filename on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the new number of elements in the container.
@return mixed - The decrypted string on success or FALSE on failure.
@return resource - Returns a resource handle for the new XML parser.
@return string     the locale of this formatter  or 'false' if error
@return string - ID string for the time zone used by this formatter.
@return string - The closest matching language tag or default value.
@return string - The normalized string or NULL if an error occurred.
@return whether all or one sub iterator is valid depending on flags.
A class that handles prepared statements for the SQLite 3 extension.
A class to represent an iterator over the fields (columns) in a row.
A concise syntax for getting a collection with a dot-separated name.
A cursor is used to iterate through the results of a database query.
A wait handle representing asynchronous execution of async generator
An event can include a connection, an error condition, a query, etc.
Answer true if this constraint is satisfied in the current solution.
Append the string data to the end of the character data of the node.
C must always be initialized, independently of whether it's optional
Called during conversion from internal UChar to destination encoding
Calls invariant_exception if multiple constants have the same value.
Check if the platform has the performance.now high resolution timer.
Check position of internal array pointer after calling array_slice()
Check position of internal array pointer after calling natcasesort()
Check that an explicit null gets coerced to NullObject, not stdClass
Checking for internal array pointer beint reset when shift is called
Checks whether val is 'not a number', like the result of acos(1.01).
Concatenate the sorted array and function result with output string.
Convert the well-formed XML document in the given file to an object.
Create an instance of each pre-condition and run their check methods
Ensure that count() and conversion to boolean work with proxy arrays
Extra parameters are not stored in the statement, and not displayed.
Extract the given number of whole grapheme clusters from the string:
Fetch of a particular section of the body of the specified messages.
Find first occurrence closest to root Works on files or directories.
For every element which has subelements, hasChildren() returns true.
For more information on modes, read the details on the chmod() page.
For now, suppress the PHP error so as to match the missing HPHP one.
Generate a YAML representation of the provided data in the filename.
Gets a parameter if previously set by XSLTProcessor::setParameter().
Gets the value of the attribute with name name for the current node.
ICU resource bundle can hold simple resources and complex resources.
If 0 is passed, the entire output of the supplied algorithm is used.
If a value of a different type is used, an exception will be thrown.
If it throws an exception, catch it and return the exception object.
If new work is added to the suspended task it will be made runnable.
If no matches are found or an error happens, FALSE will be returned.
If the document have no DTD attached, this method will return FALSE.
If the parameter doesn't exist in the stylesheet it will be ignored.
If we actually have something in cache, and the times match, use it.
Initial file pointer position, expected at the beginning of the file
It seems the second argument passing is not being correclty checked.
Luckily, I was able to move those tests to use TestFindModes::TOKEN.
Make sure that you've started the database server before connecting.
Make sure the hash is destroyed automatically when the request ends.
Memcache::set() stores an item var with key on the memcached server.
Methods that cane be implemented across all containers in one place.
Normally, memory is allocated for all of the elements of the `Pair`.
Number formatter class - locale-dependent number formatting/parsing.
PHP will try to cast this parameter to a non-null integer to use it.
Pass an array of octal values to test how natcasesort() re-orders it
Pass hexadecimal and octal values to ctype_cntrl() to test behaviour
Pass iconv_strlen an incorrect number of arguments to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to array_push() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to array_values to test behaviour
Pass natcasesort() an array of objects to test how it re-orders them
Pass octal and hexadecimal values to ctype_alnum() to test behaviour
Pass octal and hexadecimal values to ctype_alpha() to test behaviour
Pass octal and hexadecimal values to ctype_graph() to test behaviour
Pass octal and hexadecimal values to ctype_lower() to test behaviour
Pass octal and hexadecimal values to ctype_print() to test behaviour
Pass octal and hexadecimal values to ctype_upper() to test behaviour
Pass paths containing wildcards to test if opendir() recognises them
Possible values are fifo, char, dir, block, link, file, and unknown.
Retrieve list of registered streams available on the running system.
Returns a ImmVector containing the first n values of this ImmVector.
Returns an ImmVector built from the keys of the specified container.
Returns an Iterable that produces the key/value Pairs from this Map.
Returns an array of all the collection names for the given database.
Returns index of the specified value if it is present, -1 otherwise.
Returns the first value from this Map, or null if this Map is empty.
Returns the first value from this Set, or null if this Set is empty.
Returns the names and values of all the constants currently defined.
See RegexIterator::__construct() for an overview of available flags.
Sets if the current connection can be recycled without any clean up.
Sets the connection limit of all connection pools using this client.
Sets the max number of connections new pools will be able to create.
Since we know the exact type in this case, we use the assigned type.
Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions: date_date_set()
Structural subtyping of ad-hoc shapes in presence of optional fields
Swap unix:// to file:// for parse_url usage like pecl does, if found
Tailable means cursor is not closed when the last data is retrieved.
Test array_shift with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test array_slice with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test array_udiff with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test associative array with strings as keys and integers as elements
Test basic functionality of chdir() with absolute and relative paths
Test ctype_alnum with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test ctype_alpha with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test ctype_cntrl with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test ctype_digit with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test ctype_graph with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test ctype_lower with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test ctype_print with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test ctype_punct with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test ctype_space with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test ctype_upper with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test date_sunset with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test different error conditions of settype() and gettype() functions
Test file_exists with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test fscanf() to scan arrays using different scientific format types
Test fscanf() to scan boolean data using different char format types
Test fscanf() to scan boolean data using different hexa format types
Test fscanf() to scan float values using different char format types
Test fscanf() to scan float values using different hexa format types
Test get_headers with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test in_array() with haystack as resouce and multidimentional arrays
Test mb_strrichr with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_strripos with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test natcasesort with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test sorting strings that have different length but otherwise equal.
Test static content request before the creation of any HPHP sessions
Test stripos() function with unexpected inputs for 'offset' argument
Test stripos() function with unexpected inputs for haystack argument
Test strncasecmp() function with here-doc strings for 'str1', 'str2'
Test strrpos() function with unexpected inputs for 'offset' argument
Test strrpos() function with unexpected inputs for haystack argument
Test that Set::toArray() raises a warning on a int/string collition.
Test utf8_decode with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test utf8_encode with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing mb_split with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing preg_grep withone less than the expected number of arguments
Testing strspn() : with different unexpected values for str argument
The benchmark was originally implemented in BCPL by Martin Richards.
The proper value can be retrieved by name by using getprotobyname().
The start time for the connection operation, in seconds since epoch.
The task is not blocked as such and may be started by the scheduler.
These are less than 80 width, but the pretty newlines are preserved.
This class may only be instantiated by ::create or ::createFromRules
This function converts number from degrees to the radian equivalent.
This function is commonly used in IPC (Inter-Process Communication).
This function returns the UID for the given message sequence number.
This is due to the fact that zip support in PHP is read only access.
This sets the specified index in the palette to the specified color.
To output what is stored in the internal buffer, use ob_end_flush().
Total of all connection weights, used as divisor in key distribution
Trait to share behavior between containers that behave like vectors.
Use this at your own risk as it could open you up for SQL injection.
Valid characters for the map are R, G, B, A, O, C, Y, M, K, I and P.
Variables that should, with some level of preference, stay the same.
Warning: This function has been removed from some SAPI's in PHP 5.3.
We also don't want to add --filter to .phpt style tests (e.g. Pear).
We are raising a fatal since we can't access the protected property.
When formatting currency, default formatter's currency code is used.
Write over the last line to avoid random trailing chars on next echo
You can also specify the data parameter as a single dimension array.
calling check_printr() to display miscelleneous data using print_r()
continue to check if next commonly locale is installed in the system
data The maximum size of the data segment for the process, in bytes.
default fetch mode is BOTH, so we see if the ctor can overwrite that
finds a string starting with http (regardless of case) (matches two)
finds any number that's not 4 and replaces it with a 4 ('444444444')
force stats update drive memory up to its highest peak in the script
ftp_delete() deletes the file specified by path from the FTP server.
handle Resource of type curl indicates the handle which it concerns.
if we are skipping the rest of the tests (due to error) note a fault
imagearc() draws an arc of circle centered at the given coordinates.
is_soap_fault() checks if the given parameter is a SoapFault object.
iterate through array again to see which values are considered equal
just make sure all the form constants are defined as in the api spec
length The width of the field, as specified in the table definition.
matching "Good" in array(0,"hello"), result:true in loose type check
matching integer 0 in array("this"), result:true in loose type check
msg_qbytes The maximum number of bytes allowed in one message queue.
number of formats in format strings not matching the no of variables
openfiles One more than the maximum number of open file descriptors.
string(8) "whatever" Seems returning false will be most appropriate.
strptime() returns an array with the date parsed, or FALSE on error.
truncate the file when file pointer is positioned at end of the file
we are aiming for maximum compression to test MYSQLI_CLIENT_COMPRESS
we eval the section so we can allow dynamic env vars for cgi testing
- Blacklist tests that are causing problems with this script running.
- SIG_UNBLOCK: Remove the signals from the currently blocked signals.
.tmp", "filegroup_variation3/filegroup*.tmp",  /* Testing Binary safe
.tmp", "fileinode_variation3/fileinode*.tmp",  /* Testing Binary safe
.tmp", "fileowner_variation3/fileowner*.tmp",  /* Testing Binary safe
.tmp", "fileperms_variation3/fileperms*.tmp",  /* Testing Binary safe
@localname  mixed   Path that the file will be stored in the archive.
@name       mixed   The name of the function to reflect or a closure.
@return     bool   TRUE if the parameter is optional, otherwise FALSE
@return     bool   TRUE if the parameter is variadic, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   An associative array with constant names as keys.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if not reached EOF, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   TRUE if the property is private, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   The current key if it is valid or NULL otherwise.
@return     mixed   The serialized representation of the ArrayObject.
@return - An `AsyncMysqlRowIterator` to iterate over the current row.
@return - an `Awaitable` representing the result of your mutli-query.
@return - an `ImmVector` containing the values of the current `Pair`.
@return bool           - Returns TRUE on success or FALSE on failure.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the query succeeded, FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Return attribute value on success, or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - Returns a search result identifier or FALSE on error.
@return resource - Returns a cURL handle on success, FALSE on errors.
@return string  Real locale name from which the collation data comes.
@return string - The compressed string or FALSE if an error occurred.
A bit painful in php, exposing the IDs might be better if this is hot
A class representing a variable or object for use with SOAP services.
After enabling SKIP_PASV_IP flag, the following output will be seen..
All other vales will return null and throw undefined property notice.
All strings are the same when displayed in their respective encodings
Also, Maps do not automagically convert integer-like string keys (ex.
Caches a variable in the data store, only if it's not already stored.
Can be given as 0 for no compression up to 9 for maximum compression.
Checking that the initialization of constructors is properly detected
Computes the geometric mean of a set of throughput time measurements.
Construct the common headers (title, file section..) of the test case
Determines whether the specified code point is a printable character.
FNM_PATHNAME Slash in string only matches slash in the given pattern.
Follow and sign redirects automatically, which is enabled by default.
For example, both "MMM-dd" and "dd/MMM" produce the skeleton "MMMdd".
Gathers the statistics of the file opened by the file pointer handle.
Gets the absolute pathname of the script's current working directory.
I would expect to get an error message, but this is not what happens.
If a cycle is detected, remove the given constraint and answer false.
If it is omitted, the internal character encoding value will be used.
If needle is not found, grapheme_stripos() will return boolean FALSE.
If needle is not found, grapheme_strrpos() will return boolean FALSE.
If no function is registered the return value will be an empty array.
In this case, the return value is FALSE but width and height are set.
It is being run like this, for example, from the test root directory:
Its meaning depends on the message_type parameter as described above.
Its not an int like documented but a string - maybe for BC reasons...
LooseModeCollections from HHJsonDecodeTest.phpi Single-quoted strings
Memcache::connect() establishes a connection to the memcached server.
Memcache::getVersion() returns a string with server's version number.
MySQL Server might accept anonymous connections, don't print anything
Note that you must also call MongoLog::setLevel() to turn on logging.
Note: the first four values are valid as they will all be cast to 1L.
Now just get the incoming data unitl we find some sort of status data
Open a directory using opendir() with different directory permissions
Other uses could include explicitly specifying a MIME type to return.
Outputs a large amount of information about the current state of PHP.
Pass incorrect number of arguments to array_merge() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to array_shift() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to ctype_alnum() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to ctype_lower() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to ctype_print() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to ctype_punct() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to ctype_upper() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to natcasesort() to test behaviour
Protocol numbers can be found by using the getprotobyname() function.
Read the structure of a specified body section of a specific message.
Represents the result set obtained from a query against the database.
Retrieve column metadata for a result set returned by explicit SELECT
Retrieve the error number set by the last posix function that failed.
Returns a Set containing the specified range of values from this Set.
Returns an `array` whose values are the keys from the current `Pair`.
Returns string with all alphabetic characters converted to lowercase.
Returns string with all alphabetic characters converted to uppercase.
Returns the MySQL error number for that caused the current exception.
Returns the first key from this Set, or null if this Vector is empty.
Returns the index of the first element that matches the search value.
Returns the index of the specified color in the palette of the image.
Returns true if this constraint is satisfied in the current solution.
See the example at the mysql_fetch_array() description about aliases.
Set the current active configuration setting of magic_quotes_runtime.
Sets whether a client disconnect should cause a script to be aborted.
So in this case we want to write PNG but file should come out as JPEG
Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions: date_isodate_set
Special function used by FPushCuf* when its argument is not callable.
Stick this in a trait, so we get different copies for different data.
Strengths are used to measure the relative importance of constraints.
Test AKempty to AKvec upgrade when inside typevar and unresolved type
Test array_map() by passing subarrays and recursive callback function
Test array_reduce with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test array_unique with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test array_values with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test case for inlining from FB's IPAddress class, removed real logic.
Test class_exists with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test ctype_xdigit with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test date_sunrise with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test finfo_buffer with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test fscanf() to scan boolean data using different float format types
Test fscanf() to scan boolean data using different octal format types
Test fscanf() to scan float values using different octal format types
Test fscanf() to scan resource type using different char format types
Test fscanf() to scan resource type using different hexa format types
Test fscanf() to scan strings using different scientific format types
Test getimagesize with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test gettimeofday with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test gzuncompress with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test how current() behaves with muti-dimensional and recursive arrays
Test iconv_strlen with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test iconv_strpos with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test iconv_substr with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test rawurldecode with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test rawurlencode with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test strncmp() function with double quoted strings for 'str1', 'str2'
Test strncmp() function with single quoted strings for 'str1', 'str2'
Test that ImmVector can be accessed through its fully-qualified name.
Test trait_exists with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_map with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing fgetcsv() to read a file when all its parameters are provided
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when the field has no CSV format
Testing mb_strpos with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing mb_strstr with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing mb_substr with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing preg_match withone less than the expected number of arguments
Testing preg_split withone less than the expected number of arguments
Testing strspn() : with different unexpected values for mask argument
Testing the following regular expression features match correctly: 1.
Testing xml_parse with one less than the expected number of arguments
The ReflectionTypeAlias class reports information about a type alias.
The ReflectionTypeConstant class reports information about an object.
The end time when the successful query began, in seconds since epoch.
The position returned is still relative to the beginning of haystack.
The special name INBOX stands for the current users personal mailbox.
This error probably indicates a network error or database corruption.
This file prints to stdout the contents of ext/standard/html_tables.h
This function compress the given string using the Snappy data format.
This function must be defined before calling set_exception_handler().
This is expected to fatal due to embedded newline in the cookie name.
This is expected to fatal due to embedded newline in the cookie path.
This is the optimal way of parsing a mail file that you have on disk.
This isn't a sure test, but may be false if sem_acquire() didn't work
This returns the same thing as running time() when the id is created.
Throws an InvalidOperationException if the Awaitable is not finished.
Try reading some or all content of the file opened in write only mode
Use this name, instead of IP address or URL for I/O status reporting.
When called, set_time_limit() restarts the timeout counter from zero.
With an empty prefix, the returned string will be 13 characters long.
XML_OPTION_CASE_FOLDING and XML_OPTION_TARGET_ENCODING are available.
You can pass array of keys to Memcache::get() to get array of values.
You can pass two constants there, CASE_UPPER and CASE_LOWER(default).
a var which is defined try to unset the element which is non-existent
args array  If inside a function, this lists the functions arguments.
array_key_exists() returns TRUE if the given key is set in the array.
calling check_printr() to display contents of strings using print_r()
calling check_vardump() to display boolean variables using var_dump()
checking that an integer can always be used where a float is expected
define a level-2 namespace who's prefix is not an existing level-1 ns
define a simple generator that returns a series of consecutive values
end creating stream open an SplFileObject using the above test stream
expected: false close the file, get the size and content of the file.
if we had a simple cast to unsigned char, this would be the same as 0
instanceof does not change the expression id, though the type changes
log() might only return log(1) in this case due to lack of precision.
loop through each element of the arrays for string and mask arguments
loop through to test array_values() with different arrays given above
mb_convert_variables() assumes all parameters have the same encoding.
msg_remove_queue() destroys the message queue specified by the queue.
msg_rtime The time that the last message was received from the queue.
prepend file:// as git refuses to do a shallow clone of 'local' repos
realpath() returns FALSE on failure, e.g. if the file does not exist.
remove second (and final) alias from second point, so destructor runs
test join() by passing different unexpected value for pieces argument
test4.jpg is a 1*1 image that contains Exif tags written by WindowsXP
wrapper_data (mixed) - wrapper specific data attached to this stream.
/* define a generator that returns sucessive lines from a file of text
@cls_or_obj    mixed    An instance of a class or the name of a class.
@input      mixed   The input parameter accepts an array or an Object.
@return     bool   TRUE if the function is generator, otherwise FALSE.
@return     bool   TRUE if the method is a destructor, otherwise FALSE
@return Imagick - This method returns a new Imagick object on success.
@return IntlIterator - Contains all the skeletons (in canonical form).
@return array - An array containing items extracted, or FALSE on error
@return bool - Bad formatstrings are usually the cause of the failure.
@return mixed - Returns TRUE if value matches otherwise returns FALSE.
@return mixed - Returns time zone name on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - The new DOMCDATASection or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return string - Real locale name from which the collation data comes.
@return string - Return attribute value on success, or FALSE on error.
@return string - Returns error message from last bundle object's call.
@return string - Returns the initialization vector, or FALSE on error.
@return string - Returns the name of the opened algorithm as a string.
@return string - The formatted string or, if an error occurred, FALSE.
@throws Exception - If there is an error, an exception will be thrown.
A newline is not automatically added to the end of the message string.
A nonblocking test whether a connection has completed, or errored out.
All other vales will throw undefined property notice and ignore value.
Also assume that tests will be found by reflecting over the framework.
Any failed MCRouter action will throw an instance of MCRouterException
Calling htmlspecialchars_decode() with optional 'quote_style' argument
Case 3: replace even more characters so that only textual data is left
Caused by accessing a cursor incorrectly or a error receiving a reply.
Check if there is a current element after calls to rewind() or next().
Check the whether two specified UTF-8 strings are visually confusable.
Checking for return value and the new array formed from push operation
Creates a flexible generator according to the data for a given locale.
Creating soft and hard links to a file and applying is_file() on links
Decides if this constraint can be satisfied and records that decision.
Depending on your PHP and GD versions this function is defined or not.
Each result column is stored in an array offset, starting at offset 0.
Either IntlDateFormatter::TRADITIONAL or IntlDateFormatter::GREGORIAN.
Fetches a row from a result set associated with a PDOStatement object.
Finds the type of the passed value, returns the value as the new type.
For example, it may allow protected and private methods to be invoked.
For the rest Memcache::replace() behaves similarly to Memcache::set().
Gathers the statistics of the file or symbolic link named by filename.
Get currently running wait handle in a context specified by its index.
HHVM (PHP 5 mode, PHP 7 mode), PHP 4, 5, 7, 8: filter is a constructor
HHVM (PHP 5 mode, PHP 7 mode), PHP 5, 7: bool(true) PHP 8: bool(false)
Helps application inserting an artificial frame in xhprof's reporting.
Here we optionally set pool limits and call `connect()` on this class.
I don't think this timezone can be generated without a DateTime object
If INI_SCANNER_RAW is supplied, then option values will not be parsed.
If from_encoding is not specified, the internal encoding will be used.
If needle is not found, grapheme_strripos() will return boolean FALSE.
If no matches are found in string, then it will be returned unchanged.
If not specified, the value of the mcrypt.modes_dir directive is used.
If start and length are omitted, then all of subject will be examined.
If str is shorter than offset characters long, FALSE will be returned.
If the autoload stack is not activated then the return value is FALSE.
If the build includes encryption, then it will attempt to use the key.
If the function returns FALSE then the normal error handler continues.
If the new node is already a child it will not be added a second time.
If the parameter is not optional a ReflectionException will be thrown.
If there is more than one regex back to back, just don't end the first
Insert via string to make sure the real floating number gets to the DB
It uses the same tag stripping state machine as the fgetss() function.
It's a weak check but unless it gets bad it's a useful thing to check.
It's rare for this to be FALSE, but some systems may be broken or old.
Memcached::quit() closes any open connections to the memcache servers.
NULL is also returned in case of an error such as an invalid callback.
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to getrusage() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to ctype_xdigit() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to iconv_substr() to test behaviour
Passing different scalar/nonscalar values in place of 'input' argument
Pick sample size, results normalized against median function call cost
Quick hack to make sure we get the latest phpunit binary from composer
RFC 3629 limited char points to 0000-10FFFF aka 5 byte utf-8 not valid
Raise Notice: 5.6.0Raise E_NOTICE security warning if salt is omitted.
Rename a function, so that a function can be called with the new name.
Retrieves a node specified by index within the DOMNamedNodeMap object.
Return whether stack traces would be shown in case of an error or not.
Returns English text describing the most recent failed SQLite request.
Returns TRUE if the file named by filename was uploaded via HTTP POST.
Returns a ConstSetLike built from the keys of the specified container.
Returns a Map built from the keys and values from the specified array.
Returns the `string` version of the current `Pair`, which is `"Pair"`.
Returns the hyperbolic tangent of arg, defined as sinh(arg)/cosh(arg).
Returns values from the 'items' parameter when they become actionable.
Set the alpha blending flag to use the bundled libgd layering effects.
Should dispatch to A::whoami2 but maintain the current "static" class.
Since minor version can change frequently, just test the major version
Since this is a successful result wrapper, this always returns `true`.
Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions: DateTime::setDate
Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions: DateTime::setTime
Strip whitespace (or other characters) from the beginning of a string.
Structural subtyping of declared shapes in presence of optional fields
Takes an input array and returns a new array without duplicate values.
Takes the filepointer, handle, and truncates the file to length, size.
Test array_combine with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test array_product with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test array_rand() when associative array is passed to 'input' argument
Test base64_decode with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test base64_encode with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test fscanf() to scan boolean data using different string format types
Test fscanf() to scan float values using different string format types
Test fscanf() to scan resource type using different float format types
Test fscanf() to scan resource type using different octal format types
Test gethostbyaddr with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test iconv_strrpos with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_ereg_match with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_regex_encoding with one more than expected number of arguments
Test mb_strtolower with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_strtoupper with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test method_exists with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test strncmp() function with more/less number of args and invalid args
Test strrchr() function with unexpected inputs for haystack and needle
Test the position of the internal array pointer after a call to each()
Testing array_diff with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_push with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing mb_stripos with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing mb_stristr with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing mb_strrchr with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing mb_strrpos with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing mcrypt_cbc with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing mcrypt_ecb with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing strcspn() : with different unexpected values for mask argument
Testing strrev() function with various double quoted strings for 'str'
Testing strrev() function with various single quoted strings for 'str'
Testing strtok() : with miscellaneous combinations of string and token
The actual error code can be retrieved by calling socket_last_error().
The array parameter's value being the first, and the key/index second.
The check is done using the real UID/GID instead of the effective one.
The class name passed to this method must be derived from SplFileInfo.
The end time for the specific MySQL operation, in seconds since epoch.
The following is a BC break with PHP 4 where it would  call foo::fail.
The input parameter's value being the first, and the key/index second.
The object will be formatted using the formater's configured timezone.
The output_callback parameter may be bypassed by passing a NULL value.
The position  returned is still relative to the beginning of haystack.
The return will always be 0 since a `Pair` only has two keys, 0 and 1.
The return will always be 1 since a `Pair` only has two keys, 0 and 1.
The task is blocked and cannot be run until it is explicitly released.
Therefore, it is impossible to mix encoding in single array or object.
This affects calls like fgets() and fread() that read from the stream.
This also prevents from calling autoloader if the class doesn't exist.
This feature must be enabled at compile time using --enable-filehits .
This function creates a new element node with an associated namespace.
This function returns an array with the current available SPL classes.
This is the most derived class in which the type constant is declared.
This is useful when trying to optimize calls for statistics gathering.
This method only works for database drivers that support transactions.
To select a database in this case use the mysqli_select_db() function.
Turn off strice mode, since it does not allow uninitialized session ID
Undocumented behavior but Zend does it and frameworks rely on it, so..
Valid languages are "Japanese", "ja","English","en" and "uni" (UTF-8).
We copy the user certificate and authenticate using that in sandcastle
When imap_alerts() is called, the alert stack is subsequently cleared.
When imap_errors() is called, the error stack is subsequently cleared.
Whether or not the specified codepoint has the noted boolean property.
Wrap an `Awaitable` into an `Awaitable` of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`.
Yaml emit callback function, referred on yaml_emit call by class name.
You can specify which column you want with the column-index parameter.
You can switch it to non-blocking mode by using stream_set_blocking().
calling check_vardump() to display miscelleneous data using var_dump()
capturing the return value from fscanf() called without third argument
construct a job definition for each test and add it to the master plan
creating temp directory which will contain temp file and links created
exclusive/with comments first child element of doc element is context.
exif_thumbnail() reads the embedded thumbnail of a TIFF or JPEG image.
imageistruecolor() finds whether the image image is a truecolor image.
inclusive/with comments first child element of doc element is context.
it is undefined which pooled connection we get - thread ids may differ
just to be sure the most basic stuff really works we check it again...
loop through the strings array to check if strip_tags() is binary safe
make sure 0b overflows like normal integers and 0x hexadecimal integer
mixedbag is intended to run quickly and test a bunch of functionality.
mode can be in the range from 1 to the maximum value of unsigned long.
proto bool ob_end_clean(void) Function is implemented in main/output.c
proto bool ob_get_clean(void) Function is implemented in main/output.c
proto int ob_get_length(void) Function is implemented in main/output.c
read from fie using fgetc, file opened using different read read modes
remove all files in directory so can remove directory in CLEAN section
strict Test of expression dependent type of local variable for foreach
successfully close the directory handle so can delete in CLEAN section
test for stats of link when their names are stored in object and array
test the stats of file opened in write mode and then same in read mode
testing join() by passing different unexpected value for glue argument
this cycle echoes all associative array key where value equals "apple"
this tests coverage of the case where the phar exists and has no files
valid, but vacuous, as it has no side effect and its value is not used
we also need CURLOPT_VERBOSE to be set to test CURLOPT_STDERR properly
we should never get here, we use warnings, but never trust a system...
"httponly" - The cookie can only be accessed through the HTTP protocol.
1 message is sent by email to the address in the destination parameter.
@enclosure  mixed   The field enclosure character (one character only).
@param class_name name of class used with getFileInfo(), getPathInfo().
@return     bool   TRUE if the method is a constructor, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   Returns 0 if the seek was successful, -1 otherwise.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the tar/zip archive can be modified
@return     mixed   Returns the inode number for the filesystem object.
@return     mixed   Returns the string representation of the exception.
@return     mixed   TRUE if the property is protected, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   TRUE if the requested index exists, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   The current value if it is valid or NULL otherwise.
@return     mixed   The number of public properties in the ArrayObject.
@return     mixed   Value of the constant, or FALSE if it doesn't exist
@return - an integer-keyed `Map` with the values of the current `Pair`.
@return - the total establishing connection time as `int` microseconds.
@return array - This function returns an array of associative arrays, .
@return bool - TRUE if normalized, FALSE otherwise or if there an error
@return mixed - A converted version of the string represented in ASCII.
@return mixed - On success, the resolved absolute filename is returned.
@return mixed - Returns an array containing the names of the mailboxes.
@return mixed - Returns new items value on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the array consisting of the extracted elements.
@return mixed - Returns the body of the specified message, as a string.
@return mixed - Returns the canonicalized absolute pathname on success.
@return mixed - Returns the data located at the index or NULL on error.
@return mixed - Returns the iv length of a cipher, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - The DOMElement node added or FALSE if any errors occur.
@return mixed - The function returns the read data or FALSE on failure.
@return mized - Returns the number of bytes written, or FALSE on error.
@return string - Returns the hash as a 32-character hexadecimal number.
@subject    mixed   The SplSubject notifying the observer of an update.
A Compatibility library with PHP 5.5's simplified password hashing API.
A wait handle that succeeds with null after the desired timeout expires
Additionally it is possible to iterate over the current iterator entry.
Any test names after that line are probably detailed error information.
By default (or if FALSE is specified) images are stacked left-to-right.
Calling chop() with the charlist not present at the end of input string
Creates an empty generator, to be constructed with addPattern(...) etc.
Depending on the environment, Unix domain sockets may not be available.
Determines whether the specified code point is a punctuation character.
For UTF-16, UTF-32, UCS2 and UCS4, encoding detection will fail always.
For a non-final class, new static() and new self() are quite different.
For decompressing, the default file extensions are .phar and .phar.tar.
For some of the tests below the VM produces different output than Zend.
Gather all of the stack traces this request thread has captured by now.
Gets information about the given message number by reading its headers.
Go to lower-case only mode (assumes all strings have been case-folded).
If output_callback returns FALSE original input is sent to the browser.
If tv_sec is NULL (no timeout), socket_select() can block indefinitely.
In PHP 4, the default output encoding is the same as the input charset.
In SQL safe mode, this parameter is ignored and empty password is used.
In this test, genThrow*Catch() run at the same stack depth as genFoo().
Initialise all required variables Initialising different format strings
Instead it must be implemented by either IteratorAggregate or Iterator.
Make sure that client, connection and result charsets are all the same.
Make sure we don't die trying to read an uninitialized session from C++
NULL may be passed instead, to reset this handler to its default state.
Nested shape-like arrays preserve element types - usage with no errors.
Normally we expect 1 response, but with the break command, we expect 2.
Note that this ignores the keys of this Map and the specified Iterable.
Note that this parameter only has an effect if the string is not empty.
Open a file pointer using fopen and pass to readdir() to test behaviour
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to imap_close() to test behaviour
Pass array_key_exists() an object with private and protected properties
Pass arrays of numeric data to test how natcasesort re-orders the array
Pass arrays of string data to see how natcasesort() re-orders the array
Perform a nonblocking test whether an asynchronous query has completed.
Returns a ImmMap containing the first n key/value pairs of this ImmMap.
Returns a Set built from the values produced by the specified Iterable.
Returns all of haystack from the first occurrence of needle to the end.
Returns an Iterable that produces the key/value Pairs from this ImmMap.
Returns the POSIX system error message associated with the given errno.
Returns the last key from this ImmMap, or null if this ImmMap is empty.
Returns the last key from this ImmSet, or null if this ImmSet is empty.
Returns the last key from this Vector, or null if this Vector is empty.
Returns the total memory, in bytes, that your PHP script has allocated.
See the ArrayObject::setFlags method for a list of the available flags.
Set do not support iteration while elements are being added or removed.
Sets the automatic character encoding detection order to encoding_list.
Shouldn't be optimized, don't support the first arg being a string yet.
Signals a process (created using proc_open()) that it should terminate.
Simlar to apc_store() but TTL is always 0 and there is TTL cap applied.
Since this is a successful result wrapper, this always returns `false`.
Source code: ext/standard/basic_functions.c Alias to functions: count()
Specify the set of checks that will be performed by the check function.
Test addslashes() with non-string type argument such as int, float, etc
Test basic functionality of usort() with indexed and associative arrays
Test fscanf() to scan boolean data using different integer format types
Test fscanf() to scan different chars using different char format types
Test fscanf() to scan float values using different integer format types
Test fscanf() to scan integer values using different float format types
Test fscanf() to scan resource type using different string format types
Test get_class_vars with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test gethostbynamel with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test how mb_strpos behaves when passed an incorrect number of arguments
Test imap_fetchbody with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test is_subclass_of with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mcrypt_decrypt with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mcrypt_encrypt with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test parse_ini_file with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test posix_getgrgid with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test preg_match_all with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test preg_replace() with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test stripslashes() with strings containing newline and tab characters.
Test xml_set_object with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_slice with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_sum() with 'input' having reference variables as elements
Testing array_udiff with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_walk_recursive() with an array having reference variables
Testing fseek(),ftell(),rewind() functions on all read and append modes
Testing mb_strrichr with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing mb_strripos with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing strspn() : with heredoc string, varying start and len arguments
The "i" after the pattern delimiter indicates a case-insensitive search
The extra backslash is required because the string is in double quotes.
The function socket_write() writes to the socket from the given buffer.
The left child of the dummy node will hold the R tree of the algorithm.
The return value will be casted to boolean if non-boolean was returned.
The shell functions include exec(), system() and the backtick operator.
The start time when the successful query began, in seconds since epoch.
The total time for the MySQL error condition to occur, in microseconds.
The use of this parameter should therefore be considered good practice.
This depends on a class constant, which means it will need a 86pinit().
This finds the address of the secondary currently being used for reads.
This function creates a new instance of class DOMProcessingInstruction.
This function decodes data, assumed to be UTF-8 encoded, to ISO-8859-1.
This function is called `v` we are returning a `v`ector of `Awaitable`.
This function provides the functionality of array_splice() for Vectors.
This function takes a string as a parameter and should return a string.
This implementation detail should not be relied upon, as it may change.
This is expected to fatal due to embedded newline in the cookie domain.
This is the easiest way of getting a collection from a database object.
This is usually run from the shell or the command line, not the driver.
This isn't because the xml namespace isn't there and we can't create it
This means that the driver couldn't get a response from the connection.
This should be a different expression id since the case may fallthrough
This test might get very long depending on the mashine it's running on.
Uniform fill + n x 90degrees rotation , the color value does not change
Use `await` or `join` to get the actual `AsyncMysqlQueryResult` object.
Warning  It cannot be used to add extra criteria to a query on the fly.
We're already at the recursion limit, and the current node isn't a leaf
Without enabling SKIP_PASV_IP flag, the following output will be seen..
You can have multiple deprecation warnings for PHP 4 style constructors
buffered result set - let's hope we do not run into PHP memory limit...
creating link to a file in different dir with the same name as the file
don't allow tests to retrieve files from anywhere but this subdirectory
don't bail - it might be that the server does not support the data type
ftp_close() closes the given link identifier and releases the resource.
imageloadfont() loads a user-defined bitmap and returns its identifier.
increment by one to create the situation of accessing beyond array size
loop through to test each element in the above array is a readable file
loop through to test each element in the above array is a writable file
loop to check if the file with new mode is readable using is_readable()
loop to check if the file with new mode is writable using is_writable()
mbstring currently implements the following encoding detection filters.
no we must have removed them at some point - for BC, weakening the test
non trivial tests require a message list for parent-child communication
openssl_error_string() returns the last error from the openSSL library.
our local endpoint, will always get added to the database for all tests
read charecter from different files which are opened in different modes
source string must not have fewer bytes then the smallest pattern above
temp link touch a link, check stat, there should be difference in atime
we have to trim as AES rounds the blocks and decrypt doesnt detect that
* define some constants with simple (single-token) scalar initial values
@modifiers  mixed   The modifiers to get, which is from a numeric value.
@param throw              whether to throw or issue an error on failure.
@path       mixed   The path of the filesystem item to be iterated over.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the file is a link, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   The doc comment string if it exists, otherwise FALSE
@return - The column name associated with the current iterator position.
@return - The number of successful queries before the error as an `int`.
@return Collator      Newly created Collator instance, or null on error.
@return int - Returns number of entries in the result or FALSE on error.
@return int - timestamp parsed value, or FALSE if value can't be parsed.
@return mixed            - Returns the number of rows in an ODBC result.
@return mixed - If tracing was started, the file the trace was saved to.
@return mixed - Returns item's new value on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the new temporary filename, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the old node if the attribute has been replaced.
@return mixed - The MIME charset string for character encoding encoding.
@return resource - Returns a handle that can be used to parse a message.
@return string - The uncompressed and striped string, or FALSE on error.
@suffix     mixed   Optional suffix to omit from the base name returned.
A wait handle that synchronizes against C++ operation in external thread
Adapted from ext/hash/tests/hash_equals.php to remove clowny error tests
Adds the key/value Pairs produced by the specified Iterable to this Map.
Also fine because the attributes aren't required and don't have defaults
Alternatively, ob_end_clean() will silently discard the buffer contents.
Append a value to the hash, with the next-highest available numeric key.
Attempts to change the mode of the specified file to that given in mode.
Be careful if you choose to escape characters 0, a, b, f, n, r, t and v.
Called right after the session starts or when session_start() is called.
Calling gzdeflate() with all possible arguments Compressing a big string
Check if collator_sort_with_sort_keys() properly supports copy-on-write.
Check that every instance gets their own copy of the collection literal.
Checks if the specified byte stream is valid for the specified encoding.
Connect to mysql to determine the current charset so we can diffinate it
Creating soft and hard links to a file and applying filegroup() on links
Creating soft and hard links to a file and applying fileinode() on links
Creating soft and hard links to a file and applying fileowner() on links
Creating soft and hard links to a file and applying fileperms() on links
Currently, snapshot mode may not be used with sorting or explicit hints.
Don't expect a unicode value from the database, you'll get binary string
Encoding order may be specified by array or comma separated list string.
Ensure that '**' in comments is not parsed as an exponentiation operator
For UDP sockets, you must use STREAM_SERVER_BIND as the flags parameter.
For more information about the format options, read the strftime() page.
Generates all opcode handlers and helpers (specialized or unspecilaized)
However, in certain cases, you may want to clear the cached information.
If called statically, returns a DOMDocument and issues E_STRICT warning.
If called without parameter outside object, this function returns FALSE.
If entire_row is TRUE, then it returns an array of the entire first row.
If the component parameter is omitted, an associative array is returned.
If the multiplier is set to 0, the function will return an empty string.
In this case, the value for "bits" is the highest bit depth encountered.
It can also be NULL, in which case ICU's default date type will be used.
It can also be NULL, in which case ICU's default time type will be used.
It is called automatically by the driver and should not need to be used.
It is merely the "largest" thing that can be inserted into the database.
Libxml 2.6.24 and up adds a new line after a processing instruction (PI)
Memcache::getServerStatus() returns a the servers online/offline status.
Most European countries used the Julian calendar prior to the Gregorian.
NOTE: again this test does not test all of the behaviour of the function
Pasing object in place of 'input' argument to test object functionatlity
Pass a directory that does not exist to scandir() to test error messages
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to array_slice() to test behaviour
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to ctype_alpha() to test behaviour
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to ctype_cntrl() to test behaviour
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to ctype_digit() to test behaviour
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to ctype_graph() to test behaviour
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to ctype_space() to test behaviour
Pass different resource types to imap_fetch_overview() to test behaviour
Passing 'input' array which contains elements as reference to other data
Passing NULL or an empty string will be equivalent to the default value.
Performance.now is used in latency benchmarks, the fallback is Date.now.
Please note that absolute URLs (http://example.com/..) aren't rewritten.
Please see MongoClient::__construct() for description of the parameters.
Prototype : void session_abort(void) Description : Should abort session.
Prototype : void session_reset(void) Description : Should abort session.
Refer to context options and parameters for a listing of stream options.
Refer to context parameters for a listing of standard stream parameters.
Remove the given constraint and incrementally update the dataflow graph.
Reopens the specified stream to a new mailbox on an IMAP or NNTP server.
Returns the first key from this ImmMap, or null if this ImmMap is empty.
Returns the first key from this ImmSet, or null if this ImmSet is empty.
Returns the first key from this Vector, or null if this Vector is empty.
Returns the hyperbolic sine of arg, defined as (exp(arg) - exp(-arg))/2.
Returns the standardized error number returned by the last LDAP command.
Searches subject for a match to the regular expression given in pattern.
Sometime differential does not like some of the files that are included.
Sometimes when PHPUnit is done printing its post test info, hhvm fatals.
SplObjectStorage::offsetSet() is an alias of SplObjectStorage::attach().
SystemLib defines the HHAS fast-path for array_map() as taking two args.
Test a case where unset is supposed to define an uninitialized property.
Test array_diff_ukey with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test basic functionality of mb_encode_mimeheader with different strings.
Test copy(): checking stat of file before and after after copy operation
Test fscanf() to scan boolean data using different unsigned format types
Test fscanf() to scan float values using different unsigned format types
Test fscanf() to scan integer values using different string format types
Test fscanf() to scan resource type using different integer format types
Test get_object_vars with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test how mb_stripos behaves when passed an incorrect number of arguments
Test mb_ereg_replace with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_substr_count with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test preg_last_error with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test xml_parser_free with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_reduce with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing fgetcsv() to rwad from a file with length argument equal to zero
Testing finfo_buffer with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing iconv_strpos with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing iconv_substr with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing preg_replace when the regex and the replacement are both arrays.
Testing strcspn() : with heredoc string, varying start and len arguments
Testing strspn() : with varying mask and default start and len arguments
The `Map` objects map column names to (possibly `null`) `string` values.
The array is passed by value, so this shouldn't have any visible effect.
The class name passed to this method must be derived from SplFileObject.
The first successful activity of the current connection is its creation.
The function get_magic_quotes_gpc() may come in handy for checking this.
The start time for the specific MySQL operation, in seconds since epoch.
There are three regions to test:, before cut, the cut and after the cut.
This could probably wouldn't be problematic to allow but it is dumb, so.
This creates a standalone phar file with all of the PHP source included.
This function adds another name/value pair to the URL rewrite mechanism.
This gets the bitwise `OR` of the flags that are set for a given column.
This is a modified version of zend test DOMDocument_saveHTML_error2.php.
This is particularly useful for `INSERT`, `DELETE`, `UPDATE` statements.
This is the same string you see at the very top of the phpinfo() output.
This iterator can be obtained via RecursiveRegexIterator::getChildren().
This method creates an index on the collection and the specified fields.
This should throw a warning and return NULL since an argument is missing
This test is purely to see whether the function recognises the encoding.
To export all the functions, pass a special constant SOAP_FUNCTIONS_ALL.
To make the serialized string into a PHP value again, use unserialize().
Warning  If the destination file already exists, it will be overwritten.
When more diffs come, a duplication would be probably a better solution.
Works only when objects consist of hack collections and primitive types.
Write initialisation statemenst for all the variables that might be used
array_keys() returns the keys, numeric and string, from the input array.
call imap_close with CL_EXPUNGE explicitly set in case mailbox not empty
calling check_vardump() to display contents of an array using var_dump()
calling check_vardump() to display contents of strings  using var_dump()
calling the array_fill with all possible valid values for 'val' argument
cp1252 Windows-1252, 1252 Windows specific charset for Western European.
echoMeStringRequest with endpoint as header destination, must understand
echoMeStructRequest with endpoint as header destination, must understand
fetching none, but stats should not be affected - current implementation
filesize The maximum size of the data segment for the process, in bytes.
get_html_translation_table() returns only the most common form for them.
imagetruecolortopalette() converts a truecolor image to a palette image.
increment by one to create the situation  of accessing beyond array size
keys of an array that results from array_filter on a Container are mixed
loop through each element of the arrays for str, mask and start argument
loop through each element of the arrays for str,mask and start arguments
loop through to test each element in the above array  is a readable file
loop through to test each element in the above array  is a writable file
max2() returns the max of two operands (optimized FCallBuiltin for max).
min2() returns the min of two operands (optimized FCallBuiltin for min).
proc_get_status() fetches data about a process opened using proc_open().
run the command 'locale -a' to fetch all locales available in the system
sem_acquire() blocks (if necessary) until the semaphore can be acquired.
session_id() needs to be called before session_start() for that purpose.
set it twice, checking if memory for the previous one is correctly freed
test fflush() with handle to a file opened in read-only mode as resource
the next 2 generate java messages so we don't replicate the php messages
this string is an excerpt of a phar archive that caused an infinite loop
to avoid trouble with  numeric ranges, lets pass the numbers as a string
unset() variation1: checking unset on static variable inside a function.
*********************************************************** Base echoDate
*********************************************************** Base echoVoid
@iterator   mixed   The recursive iterator to apply this regex filter to.
@return     mixed   A NoRewindIterator() based on the passed in iterator.
@return     mixed   A numerical array with interface names as the values.
@return     mixed   An array of class names, as defined in the extension.
@return     mixed   Returns the newly created RecursiveDirectoryIterator.
@return     mixed   TRUE if a default value is available, otherwise FALSE
@return     object   A ReflectionMethod instance of the method prototype.
@return ResourceBundle - Returns ResourceBundle object or FALSE on error.
@return bool - True if there is at least one more item in the result set.
@return int - Error code returned by the last Collator API function call.
@return int - Returns the IPv4 address or FALSE if ip_address is invalid.
@return int - Returns the block size of the algorithm specified in bytes.
@return int - Returns the block size of the specified algorithm in bytes.
@return int - Returns the specified resource's memory usage in megabytes.
@return int - Returns the termination status of the process that was run.
@return mixed - Returns an array of elements from low to high, inclusive.
@return mixed - Returns the flipped array on success and NULL on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the given string wrapped at the specified length.
@return mixed - Returns the permissions on the file, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the value stored in the cache or FALSE otherwise.
@return mixed - The new DOMEntityReference or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return resource - A mysql result object, or null if one isn't ready yet.
@return string - Returns the result as a string, or NULL if modulus is 0.
@since PHP 5.0  Abstract base interface that cannot be implemented alone.
@throws IllegalValueException if a key is NULL and MIT_KEYS_ASSOC is set.
A class to represent an iterator over the rows of a `AsyncMysqlRowBlock`.
Abstract superclass for constraints having two possible output variables.
Adds the keys of the specified container to this Set and returns the Set.
All result memory will be automatically freed when the script terminates.
Ambiguous, but mostly PHP compat since PHP version lacks distinct setters
An XHP attribute annoted as "string" can contain Stringish values for now
As we can't fix it, we document how it has behaved from the first day on.
Assignment to array makes it unsafe to return it as original generic type
Calling gzcompress() with all possible arguments Compressing a big string
Checks whether the given key is the private key that corresponds to cert.
Create a file pointer using fopen() then try to close it using closedir()
Delays program execution for the given number of seconds and nanoseconds.
Draws an ellipse centered at the specified coordinate on the given image.
Due to these aspects, UDP requires a minimum amount of protocol overhead.
Each element can be: An array describing the pipe to pass to the process.
Entity reference expansions and default attribute additions do not occur.
Feel free to save the returned string as nothing.yaml and pass it around.
For example, ": foo" will not be recognized as an XHP name by the parser.
For example, if you're simply outputting data straight from an HTML form.
For phpdbg tests, check if phpdbg sapi is available and if it is, use it.
Get rid of any old data, except the expect file and test info, of course.
HHVM Warning: Case insensitive constant names are not supported in HipHop
However, some require that we use php tokens or are found via phpt files.
Identical to mktime() except the passed parameters represents a GMT date.
If exceptions is not set then SOAP call will throw an exception on error.
If latency is set to 0 then there is no latency score for this benchmark.
If needle is a string, the comparison is done in a case-sensitive manner.
If no changes are specified, this method throws a BadMethodCallException.
If size is smaller than the file then the file is truncated to that size.
If the caller is a super user, this will also set the effective group id.
If the multiplier is set to 0, the function  will return an empty string.
If this handler returns FALSE, code will continue with original function.
If this parameter is not provided, wait will be used for the system call.
In , this parameter is ignored and value 'localhost:3306' is always used.
In lieu of 'format', a mapping may specify 'vararg' for variadic methods.
In this case it doesn't so the file should be written in the current dir.
Indicates whether attribute named name exists as a member of the element.
Initialise function arguments not being substituted get an unset variable
It is merely the "smallest" thing that can be inserted into the database.
It shows what would happen if  the fatal error would have been a warning.
Make sure we don't just return '/tmp' or other easily-guessable location.
Memcache::increment() increments value of an item by the specified value.
Motivation: Suppose we need to refer to a document in another collection.
One final test to see if the position is respected when opened for append
Open and close a directory handle then call rewinddir() to test behaviour
PDO::CASE_NATURAL: Leave column names as returned by the database driver.
Pair and ImmVector are immutable, so we can't do a similar test for them.
Parse a load of URLs without specifying PHP_URL_HOST as the URL component
Parse a load of URLs without specifying PHP_URL_PASS as the URL component
Parse a load of URLs without specifying PHP_URL_PATH as the URL component
Parse a load of URLs without specifying PHP_URL_PORT as the URL component
Parse a load of URLs without specifying PHP_URL_USER as the URL component
Pass an array with duplicate keys and values to usort() to test behaviour
Pass arrays containing different string data to rsort() to test behaviour
Pass different types of resources to imap_fetchheader() to test behaviour
Passing different scalar/nonscalar values in place of 'funcname' argument
Possible values are RecursiveIteratorIterator::LEAVES_ONLY - The default.
Remove all deleted files, which are not checked by the following linters.
Returns a ImmSet containing all values except the first n of this ImmSet.
Returns a human-readable string for the error encountered in this result.
Returns an ASCII string containing the hexadecimal representation of str.
Returns the MySQL client statistics at the moment the result was created.
Returns the SQLite3 library version as a string constant and as a number.
Returns the argument list with the greatest possible number of arguments.
Returns the last value from this ImmMap, or null if this ImmMap is empty.
Returns the last value from this ImmSet, or null if this ImmSet is empty.
Returns the last value from this Vector, or null if this Vector is empty.
Returns the numeric result code of the most recent failed SQLite request.
Returns the results that were fetched by the successful query statements.
Returns true if the specified key is present in the Map, false otherwise.
STREAM_PEEK Retrieve data from the socket, but do not consume the buffer.
See List of Supported Socket Transports for a list of builtin transports.
See php.ini options for the transition option of quieting this exception.
Setting certain environment variables may be a potential security breach.
Should throw a warning as setPrefixPart expects argument 2 to be a string
Since PHP 5.1.0 you don't need to do this because PHP will do it for you.
Some engines and/or MySQL server versions might not support the data type
Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions: DateTime::setISODate
Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions: public date_modify()
Strings and integers are stored as is, other types are stored serialized.
Test array_key_exists with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test array_uintersect with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test basic functionality of mb_strpos with ASCII and multibyte characters
Test behaviour of mb_ereg() when passed an incorrcect number of arguments
Test code from: http://www.php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.getinfo.php
Test fscanf() to scan different float values using different format types
Test fscanf() to scan resource type using different unsigned format types
Test get_parent_class with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test how mb_strripos behaves when passed an incorrect number of arguments
Test imap_fetchheader with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test interface_exists with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test popping elements from a sub-array and popping an array from an array
Test stripslashes() with non-string type argument such as int, float, etc
Test xml_error_string with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_chunk() function with unexpected values for 'preserve_keys'
Testing array_chunk() function with unexpected values for 'size' argument
Testing array_combine with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_unshift with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_walk_recursive() with an array having subarrays as elements
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when all its parameters are provided
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when delimiter and enclosure is NULL
Testing iconv_strrpos with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing mb_ereg_match with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing method_exists with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing preg_match_all withone less than the expected number of arguments
Testing sort() by providing different unexpected values for flag argument
Testing strcspn() : with varying mask and default start and len arguments
The TEST_WEB_BASE_URL setting should be the base url to access this path.
The behaviour of these constants is described on the JSON constants page.
The corresponding public portion of the key will be used to sign the CSR.
The function socket_send() sends len bytes to the socket socket from buf.
The results are different for HHVM and PHP 5 due to the following reason.
The server currently 16.08.2010 can't handle data sent in utf16 and utf32
The socket_recv() function receives len bytes of data in buf from socket.
This array is passed by reference because it is modified by the function.
This function also returns FALSE if the reading of the result set failed.
This function is invoked by the xbox facility to start an xbox call task.
This implementation detail may, at any time, change without prior notice.
This is hacky, but it works in all cases and doesn't require parsing xml.
This is more general and adaptive than variant one, but not as efficient.
This is usually used to validate the integrity of data being transmitted.
This needs to be cleaned up in a follow up before the following will work
This script sets up an event source for use by the php syslog() function.
This will fail, but it shouldn't mess up the already set LC_TIME category
Unpacks from a binary string into an array according to the given format.
WARNING: The values described here are NOT the actual values in PHP code.
based on example at http://www.php.net/manual/en/normalizer.normalize.php
calling check_printr() to display contents of the objects using print_r()
echoMeStringRequest with endpoint NOT header destination, must understand
echoMeStructRequest with endpoint NOT header destination, must understand
exclusive/without comments first child element of doc element is context.
expected: false move the file pointer to end of the file and try fwrite()
inclusive/without comments first child element of doc element is context.
libmysql should return a string here whereas mysqlnd returns a native int
loop through each element of the array and check the working of stripos()
loop through each element of the array and check the working of strncmp()
loop through each element of the array and check the working of strrchr()
loop through each element of the array and check the working of strrpos()
loop through each element of the arrays for str, mask and start arguments
msg_lspid The pid of the process that sent the last message to the queue.
note -- will always be null as DOMConfiguration is not implemented in PHP
removeKey allows unsetting any key, but it still must be statically known
run-tests, I love you for not allowing me to set ini settings dynamically
serialization and not var_dump preserves whether keys are ints or strings
strict Case not exhaustive, but we're casing on a newtype, so it is fine.
testing array_fill() by passing various  object values for 'val' argument
the exception thrown in this test results in a memory leak, which is fine
version_compare() compares two "PHP-standardized" version number strings.
*********************************************************** Base echoFloat
@data       mixed   The data to associate with the current iterator entry.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the iterator is valid, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the position is valid, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   Returns the number of bytes written, or NULL on error.
@return - The column number associated with the current iterator position.
@return bool                - Returns TRUE on success or FALSE on failure.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the stream is still alive, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - Returns the termination status of the process that was run.
@return int - Returns the size of the Initialization Vector (IV) in bytes.
@return mixed - If language is set and language is valid, it returns TRUE.
@return mixed - On seriously malformed URLs, parse_url() may return FALSE.
@return mixed - Returns 0 on success, or one of the CURLM_XXX errors code.
@return mixed - Returns the inode number of the file, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the value of the given option, or FALSE on errors.
@return mixed - The new DOMDocumentFragment or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return mixed - str with all alphabetic characters converted to lowercase.
@return mixed - str with all alphabetic characters converted to uppercase.
@return string - Returns the modulus as a string, or NULL if modulus is 0.
A common use for this socket type is to perform ICMP requests (like ping).
A wait handle representing a condition variable waiting for a notification
Also, you may want to read the section on variables from external sources.
Any expression which do not return nodes will return an empty DOMNodeList.
Any special environment settings  these may overwrite the test defaults...
Check the specified UTF-8 string for possible security or spoofing issues.
Computes the intersection of arrays, compares data by a callback function.
Converts a date from the French Republican Calendar to a Julian Day Count.
Converts a score value to a string with at least three significant digits.
Defaults as a comma or the value set using SplFileObject::setCsvControl().
Defaults to null for the case where an array of key-value pairs is passed.
Determines if the specified character is permissible in a Java identifier.
Each rowset can have a different set of columns from the preceding rowset.
Feel free to save the returned string as tasteful.yaml and pass it around.
Find position of last occurrence of a case-insensitive string in a string.
For example, it may allow protected and private properties to be accessed.
Having multiple elements with the same value in a Heap is not recommended.
If an is_null flag is in use, only that flag is required to be initialized
If callbackfunc is set to NULL, returns the extracted section as a string.
If e is specified, replacement string will be evaluated as PHP expression.
If size is larger than the file then the file is extended with null bytes.
If the file does not exist it will look for composer.json and do the same.
If you don't understand how NativeFuncCaller works, don't use this script.
If you have this set, it probably points to hhvm objects, not OSS objects.
In other words, timestamp is optional and defaults to the value of time().
Inlining something which calls a function inside a generator doesn't work.
It also checks for collisions with existing variables in the symbol table.
It must be valid and must point to a file successfully opened by bzopen().
Lets accept also int if it follows the rules from the original MYSQL C API
Memcache::increment() does not create an item if it doesn't already exist.
Note that the keys are used in the comparison unlike in array_intersect().
Note that the needle in this case can only be a single character in PHP 4.
Note that the parameters for call_user_func() are not passed by reference.
Note that this ignores the keys of this ImmMap and the specified Iterable.
Now we have __autoload(), that will be called before the old style header.
On Linux, this value may be read and modified via /proc/sys/kernel/msgmnb.
Parse a load of URLs without specifying PHP_URL_QUERY as the URL component
Pass a `Vector` of values to have it expanded into a comma-separated list.
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to mb_strtolower() to test behaviour
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to mb_strtoupper() to test behaviour
Pass arrays containing different numeric data to rsort() to test behaviour
Pass incorrect number of arguments to array_key_exists() to test behaviour
Passing dir names with different notations, using slashes, wild-card chars
Performs case folding on a string, converted in the way specified by mode.
Ported to PHP from Google's Octane v2.0 benchmarking suite for JavaScript.
Prepares an SQL statement for execution and returns an SQLite3Stmt object.
Release a task that is currently blocked and return the next block to run.
Replaces rest of string if count is greater than length of existing string
Returns a ImmSet built from the values produced by the specified Iterable.
Returns a Iterable produced by combined the specified Iterables pair-wise.
Returns a Vector built from the values produced by the specified Iterable.
Returns an immutable set (`ImmSet`) with the values of the current `Pair`.
Returns the first value from this ImmMap, or null if this ImmMap is empty.
Returns the first value from this ImmSet, or null if this ImmSet is empty.
Returns the first value from this Vector, or null if this Vector is empty.
Returns the hyperbolic cosine of arg, defined as (exp(arg) + exp(-arg))/2.
Returns the name of the file which is used to save profile information to.
Returns whether there were any rows are returned in the current row block.
Run from a command line or something, and redirect output to an html file.
SQLITE3_BLOB: The value is a blob of data, stored exactly as it was input.
See the example of DOMImplementation::hasFeature() for a list of features.
Send an SQL query to MySQL without fetching and buffering the result rows.
Sends a response to the client of the current request indicating an error.
Set given collation strength, then get it back and check if it's the same.
Sets the include_path configuration option for the duration of the script.
Shape with unknown fields cannot be a subtype of a shape with known fields
So it is easier to keep tabs on our progress when running ps or something.
So we don't check for the value, only for type (which must be type string)
Some drivers have driver specific options that may be set at prepare-time.
SplObjectStorage::offsetUnset() is an alias of SplObjectStorage::detach().
Step 4: Filter out all points inside the triangle formed by the new point.
Test array_diff_uassoc with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test array_udiff_assoc with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test basic functionality of array_push with indexed and associative arrays
Test basic functionality of mb_stripos with ASCII and multibyte characters
Test fscanf() to scan boolean data using different scientific format types
Test fscanf() to scan float values using different scientific format types
Test get_class_methods with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test get_html_translation_table() when table is specified as HTML_ENTITIES
Test how array_change_key_case() converts keys in multi-dimensional arrays
Test how array_diff_assoc behaves when comparing  multi-dimensional arrays
Test how iconv_strpos behaves when passed an incorrect number of arguments
Test ob_implicit_flush with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test stripcslashes() with non-string type argument such as int, float, etc
Test that Set::map() throws if the return type of its callback is invalid.
Test xml_parser_create with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_chunk() function with unexpected values for 'array' argument
Testing array_diff_key with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing asort() by providing different unexpected values for flag argument
Testing get_class_vars with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing imap_fetchbody with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing is_file() with invalid arguments -int, float, bool, NULL, resource
Testing is_subclass_of with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing ksort() by providing different unexpected values for flag argument
Testing mcrypt_decrypt with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing mcrypt_encrypt with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing preg_replace() with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing uasort() with 'array_arg' containing different reference variables
Testing xml_set_object with one less than the expected number of arguments
That test should be added back in when HHVM adds support for this feature.
The IMAP specification requires that these messages be passed to the user.
The RecursiveFilterIterator::accept() must be implemented in the subclass.
The resulting path will have no symbolic link, '/./' or '/../' components.
The return value of setlocale() depends on the system that PHP is running.
The session id of a process is the process group id of the session leader.
These flags are the same as the ones given to for example Memcache::set().
This controls the probability of the server being selected for operations.
This function does not destroy the output buffer like ob_end_clean() does.
This function does not destroy the output buffer like ob_end_flush() does.
This function shuffles (randomizes the order of the elements in) an array.
This should be a parse error (it is in HHVM), but we previously *crashed*.
Throw from the user error handler after raising a warning about arg count.
Unicode is on and we are told that the MySQL column type is a binary type.
Verify that the reference still exists, and that it is of the right class.
Whether it's scoped or not, a static closure cannot have a bound instance.
at least 64 patterns required to trigger the WuManberReplacement algorithm
be sure the executables ini settings are compatible with the test, or skip
calculate the hash and dump it reading 1000 bytes within the file max size
can call ucf1 after its definition is seen Conditionally defined functions
check default values and type hints, implementating abstract methods: pass
cleanhtml.php  A simple script to clean and repair HTML,XHTML,PHP,ASP,etc.
different scalar/nonscalar values to be used in place of callback function
don't bail - column type might not be supported by the server, ignore this
expected: false  move the file pointer to end of the file and try fwrite()
expecting: default key 0, value will be replaced by 'FALSE'   numeric keys
filename stored in array with single and double slash notation in its path
loop through to test each element in the above array is an executable file
memlock The maximum number of bytes of memory that may be locked into RAM.
mixed associative array, containing null/empty/boolean values as key/value
pathinfo() returns an associative array containing information about path.
shm_put_var() inserts or updates the variable with the given variable_key.
strict Test of expression dependent type of local variable for switch/case
this is not fine any more since the file is not in the allowed dir set now
*********************************************************** Base echoBase64
*********************************************************** Base echoString
*********************************************************** Base echoStruct
@param cleanup - If true, code coverage collected information is destroyed.
@previous   mixed   The previous exception used for the exception chaining.
@return     bool   Returns TRUE if the class is cloneable, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   Returns the string representation of the object or NULL
@return     mixed   The Phar flags (always 0 in the current implementation)
@return - A `KeyedIterator` that allows you to traverse the current `Pair`.
@return - The `AsyncMysqlErrorResult` that underlies the current exception.
@return - the total successful result producing time as `int` microseconds.
@return IntlIterator - Contains all the base skeletons (in canonical form).
@return NumberFormatter - Returns NumberFormatter object or FALSE on error.
@return boolean false if formatter pattern could not be set, true otherwise
@return int     Error code returned by the last Collator API function call.
@return int - Always returns the line number where the node was defined in.
@return int - The position of the file pointer or FALSE if an error occurs.
@return mixed - ID of a filter on success or FALSE if filter doesn't exist.
@return mixed - Returns the DOMElement or NULL if the element is not found.
@return mixed - Returns the metaphone key as a string, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the termination status of the process that was run.
@return mixed - mktime() returns the Unix timestamp of the arguments given.
@return string        Real locale name from which the collation data comes.
@return string - Returns error string for valid error code, NULL otherwise.
Activate the fast drawing antialiased methods for lines and wired polygons.
Adds a SOAP header to be returned with the response to the current request.
After being split, this node will contain all the content up to the offset.
Alternatively, a file extension may be specified with the second parameter.
Although we have changed the value, the property was declared in the class.
Array keys correspond to stats parameters and values to parameter's values.
Blue if we go from something "faily" to something "faily" e.g., E to I or F
Calling gzencode() with various compression levels Compressing a big string
Can be integer or float, other values will be converted to a numeric value.
Check the position of the internal array pointer after calling array_push()
Check the position of the internal array pointer after calling the function
Class values other than '01', except for the class 'IM', indicate an error.
Create some more holes to give the memory allocator something to work with.
Crop an image using the given coordinates and size, x, y, width and height.
Don't want to parse any more test names after the Time line in the results.
Emit labels for specialized executor For each opcode in opcode number order
Establishes a connection to a LDAP server on a specified hostname and port.
Executes the given XPath expression and returns a typed result if possible.
Extract whole grapheme clusters up to a maximum number of UTF-8 characters:
File pointer position after read operation, expected at the end of the file
For example, during a timeout in a query, the MySQL connection gets closed.
For example, on Linux, reiserfs may provide better performance than ext2fs.
For now this will emit a warning just like if zend was compiled withot zlib
Generate opcode handler's entry point according to selected threading model
Gotta make sure these dirs don't contain wildcards (Looking at you Symfony)
If NULL or the empty string, the default time zone for the runtime is used.
If an element with the same key is already present, an exception is thrown.
If filter accepts options, flags can be provided in "flags" field of array.
If mb_http_input() does not process specified HTTP input, it returns FALSE.
If not specified, the value of the mcrypt.algorithms_dir directive is used.
If substchar is not set, it returns the Unicode value, or "none" or "long".
It is recommended to use the mhash functions to create a key from a string.
It must be valid, and must point to a file successfully opened by gzopen().
Loop from third fruit until the end Note: offset starts from zero for apple
May try spl_autoload_register() to workaround some clowniness, if possible.
Memcache::getStats() returns an associative array with server's statistics.
NOTE: PDO does not care about private and calls __construct() after __set()
Note that the keys are used in the comparison unlike in array_uintersect().
Note that this parameter is applied to the stream processed by the filters.
One day we can compare this to the previous version and get a bigger number
Opening the existing data file in 'x' mode to check for the warning message
Opens a pipe to a process executed by forking the command given by command.
PHP will call this method when the session is ready to be saved and closed.
PTR  target: Location within the DNS namespace to which this record points.
Parse a load of URLs without specifying PHP_URL_SCHEME as the URL component
Pass all encodings listed on php.net to test that function recognises them.
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to escapeshellarg() to test behaviour
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to imap_fetchbody() to test behaviour
Passing file names with different notations, using slashes, wild-card chars
Passing object in place of an 'input' argument to test object functionality
Possible values are fifo, char, dir, block, link, file, socket and unknown.
Releases the current connection and returns a synchronous MySQL connection.
Removes a variable with a given variable_key and frees the occupied memory.
Return the process identifier of the parent process of the current process.
Returns a ImmSet containing the specified range of values from this ImmSet.
Returns a Vector containing the specified range of values from this Vector.
Returns a one-character string containing the character specified by ascii.
Returns an integer-keyed `Map` based on the elements of the current `Pair`.
Returns the MySQL client statistics for the events that produced the error.
Returns the current time index since the starting of the script in seconds.
Returns the index of the specified color+alpha in the palette of the image.
Returns the path of the directory PHP stores temporary files in by default.
Returns the portion of string specified by the start and length parameters.
Returns whether there is a remote debugger attached to the current request.
Runs this task, if it is ready to be run, and returns the next task to run.
SOA  mname: FQDN of the machine from which the resource records originated.
Scalar variables are those containing an integer, float, string or boolean.
See the help for the syntax on how to run the tests in each available mode.
Sets the file to output profiling information when processing a stylesheet.
Shape-like arrays preserve element types - usage that should report errors.
TODO: HHVM currently does not support yield from (or yield) as expressions.
Taken from pow-operator PHP RFC (see https://wiki.php.net/rfc/pow-operator)
Test array_count_values with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test array_udiff_uassoc with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test basic functionality of mb_strripos with ASCII and multibyte characters
Test fscanf() to scan a file for read when file is opened inwrite only mode
Test fscanf() to scan different strings using different string format types
Test fscanf() to scan resource type using different scientific format types
Test imagecolorallocate with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test stream_set_timeout with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test xml_get_error_code with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_diff_ukey with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing arsort() by providing different unexpected values for flag argument
Testing crc32() : with different heredoc strings passed to the str argument
Testing krsort() by providing different unexpected values for flag argument
Testing mb_ereg_replace with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing mb_substr_count with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing readlink() with invalid arguments -int, float, bool, NULL, resource
Testing strtok() : modifying the input string while it is getting tokenised
Text nodes are generated by start/end tags and contain the text in between.
The directory must be empty, and the relevant permissions must permit this.
The last node should be identical with the last entry in the children array
The method serialize is called whenever an instance needs to be serialized.
The returned name returned matches the name of the matching token constant.
The theoretical maximum for this value is the square root of three (1.732).
There are also OAuth provider examples within the OAuth extensions sources.
This class and its methods are therefore deprecated and should not be used.
This file is strict, so the typecheck should complain about an unbound name
This function converts Unicode domain name to IDNA ASCII-compatible format.
This method only works for static properties when used on internal classes.
This test verifies that old and new style (un)serializing do not interfere.
To retrieve PDOStatement attributes, refer to PDOStatement::getAttribute().
Two Arguments, second as prefix but without prefix string as third argument
Use it with other heap graph functions to extract the information you want.
We filtered down to the last element, so we don't need to do anything else.
You can use exceptions or intl_get_error_code() to detect error conditions.
You have to use reset() if you want to traverse the array again using each.
calling check_printr() to display the resource content type using print_r()
calling check_vardump() to display contents of the objects using var_dump()
cleanhtml5.php  A simple script to clean and repair HTML,XHTML,PHP,ASP,etc.
comparison function for SimpleClass2 objects which has more than one member
ensure nothing blows up when attempting to format objects of the wrong type
flags, services, regex, and replacement: Parameters as defined by RFC 2915.
idx() is for default selection, not a blanket replacement for array access.
if null or the empty string, the default time zone for the runtime is used.
imagerectangle() creates a rectangle starting at the specified coordinates.
instanceof has to make adjustments for the fact that arrays are Traversable
let's hope nobody changes auto_increment_increment while this code executes
looks like we can't change this, or it'd change the original zval instead..
loop through to test each element in the above array  is an executable file
loop to check if the file with new mode is executable using is_executable()
looping to check the behaviour of the function for each string in the array
missing does not exist Test dynamic class, dynamic method name, static call
mysqli_fetch_lengths() is valid only for the current row of the result set.
new file size, should be same as before truncating delete all files created
originally came from ext/standard/tests/general_functions/include_path.phpt
passing different integer values for 'split_length' argument to str_split()
passing the above condition may be the result of change in the system time.
proc_close() waits for the process to terminate, and returns its exit code.
should error, because it's an array (used like a vector) containing strings
sorting different strings: single quoted, double quoted and heredoc strings
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflector.tostring.php )  To string.
* show that a new array is created and that the operand-arrays are unchanged
*********************************************************** Base echoBoolean
*********************************************************** Base echoDecimal
*********************************************************** Base echoInteger
*********************************************************** output functions
@data       mixed   An array with string keys containing the data to filter.
@return     mixed   Returns the filename in which the exception was created.
@return     mixed   Returns the line number where the exception was created.
@return     mixed   TRUE if the file has had its CRC verified, FALSE if not.
@return     mixed   TRUE if the inner iterator has children, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   The current inner iterator, or NULL if there is not one.
@return     mixed   The index corresponding to the position of the iterator.
@return - The `AsyncMysqlRow` associated with the current iterator position.
@return Collator - Return new instance of Collator object, or NULL on error.
@return DateTime - Returns the modified DateTime object or FALSE on failure.
@return array - Returns the output array with all the variables added to it.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the specified color was set, FALSE otherwise.
@return int - Returns 0 on success, or EOF if the request cannot be honored.
@return int - Returns current collation strength, or boolean FALSE on error.
@return int - Returns the number of (uncompressed) bytes read from the file.
@return int - Returns the row ID of the most recent INSERT into the database
@return mixed - If needle is not found, stripos() will return boolean FALSE.
@return mixed - On success, returns a string of the absolute path of the fd.
@return mixed - Returns a hash of strings with information about the system.
@return mixed - Returns a new socket resource on success, or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - Returns old node if the attribute has been replaced or NULL.
@return mixed - Returns the current key and value pair from the array array.
@return mixed - Returns the encrypted string on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the return value of the callback, or FALSE on error.
@return string - Returns the database name on success, and FALSE on failure.
@return string - Returns the hexadecimal representation of the given string.
A cursor typically fetches a batch of result objects and store them locally.
A list of the flags can found under FilesystemIterator predefined constants.
A type specifier that says what type the argument data should be treated as.
Add ADD_DLLS to add extra DLLs like dynamic dependencies for standard  deps.
After releasing the semaphore, sem_acquire() may be called to re-acquire it.
Allows you to disable standard libxml errors and enable user error handling.
An example use of addslashes() is when you're entering data into a database.
At the end of the request the environment is restored to its original state.
Contains error information for a failed operation (e.g., connection, query).
Deprecated since 2002 or the like but documented to be deprecated since 5.3.
Determines if the file descriptor fd refers to a valid terminal type device.
Draws a partial arc centered at the specified coordinate in the given image.
Each MongoId is 12 bytes (making its string form 24 hexidecimal characters).
Fetches a result row as an associative or numerically indexed array or both.
File pointer position after write operation, expected at the end of the file
First, second, etc skip to the first/second weekday *after* the current day.
For GET/POST/PUT tests, check if cgi sapi is available and if it is, use it.
For example, Britain converted in 1752, The USSR in 1918 and Greece in 1923.
Gets a prefixed unique identifier based on the current time in microseconds.
Gets the timeout (maximum duration), in seconds, of the current xbox thread.
Hence the keys for the input array can be variant0, variant1, ...,variant14.
However, P8 does not invoke 'destructors' when refcount is decremented to 0.
However, PHP/PDO will send a CLOSE message as part of the PDO::query() call.
If OnOff is set, this function returns TRUE on success and FALSE on failure.
If length is given and is 0, FALSE or NULL an empty string will be returned.
If search or replace are arrays, their elements are processed first to last.
If stream_select returns 0, then there is no more data or we have timed out.
If the file is valid, it will be moved to the filename given by destination.
If you need to execute the standard constructor you may do so in the method.
It is not necessarily a bug if API and SQL function return different values.
It's a key/value pair most likely If the key is in double quotes pull it out
Just make sure that you call ob_end_flush() the appropriate number of times.
Keys are used to do more restrictive check Source code: ext/standard/array.c
Methods that cane be implemented across all mutable containers in one place.
Multi-byte characters are usually twice the width of single byte characters.
Negative offsets, the file pointer should be at the end of file  to get data
Normally this means there was an arithmetic error other than under/overflow.
Note that the errno and errstr arguments will always be passed by reference.
Opening the existing data file in "x+" mode to check for the warning message
Opening the existing data file in 'xb' mode to check for the warning message
Opening the existing data file in 'xt' mode to check for the warning message
Otherwise, the returned string is path with any trailing /component removed.
Pass an array of different hex values to test how natcasesort() re-orders it
Pass an array of referenced varaibles to test how natcasesort() re-orders it
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to mb_substr_count() to test behaviour
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to preg_last_error() to test behaviour
Pass each() arrays where the keys are different data types to test behaviour
Passing different scalar/nonscalar values as 'input' argument to array_sum()
Performs a multi-byte safe strpos() operation based on number of characters.
Performs a multi-byte safe substr() operation based on number of characters.
Possible values for flags Flag Description MSG_OOB Process out-of-band data.
Reaction on host not specified differs for different configs, so no printing
Returns a Map containing all key/value pairs except the first n of this Map.
Returns a lazy, access elements only when needed view of the current `Pair`.
Returns an Iterable produced by combining the specified Iterables pair-wise.
Returns an `ImmVector` with the values being the keys of the current `Pair`.
Returns the number of the signal that caused the child process to terminate.
Returns the process group identifier of the process pid or FALSE on failure.
Returns true if the specified key is present in the ImmMap, false otherwise.
Rolls back the current transaction, as initiated by PDO::beginTransaction().
SOAP_PERSISTENCE_REQUEST - persist the object for the duration of a request.
SOAP_PERSISTENCE_SESSION - persist the object for the duration of a session.
Same varient  values are used as string to be repeated as well as multiplier
Sets the buffering for write operations on the given stream to buffer bytes.
Sets the timeout (maximum duration), in seconds, of the current xbox thread.
Shift a negative value right and left using both in- and out-of-range counts
Shift a positive value right and left using both in- and out-of-range counts
Sort the entries by values using case insensitive "natural order" algorithm.
TODO I'm using the procedural interface, this should not throw an exception.
TODO test something that will throw, make sure stack materialization worked.
Test array_rand() when array with default keys is passed to 'input' argument
Test basic functionality of iconv_strpos with ASCII and multibyte characters
Test behaviour of mb_substr_count() function when passed an unknown encoding
Test imap_fetch_overview with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test strncasecmp() function with the unexpected inputs for 'str1' and 'str2'
Test that we can handle unserialization of Maps with and without namespaces.
Test that we can handle unserialization of Sets with and without namespaces.
Test the position of the internal array pointer after a call to array_values
Testing array_chunk() function - input array containing different sub arrays
Testing array_diff_assoc with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_key_exists with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_uintersect with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing filegroup() with invalid arguments -int, float, bool, NULL, resource
Testing fileinode() with invalid arguments -int, float, bool, NULL, resource
Testing fileowner() with invalid arguments -int, float, bool, NULL, resource
Testing fileperms() with invalid arguments -int, float, bool, NULL, resource
Testing imap_fetchheader with one less than the expected number of arguments
The Richards benchmark simulates the task dispatcher of an operating system.
The algorithm attempts to resatisfy that constraint using some other method.
The base exception class for any issues arising from the use of async MySQL.
The findAndModify command atomically modifies and returns a single document.
The method serialized is called whenever an instance needs to be serialized.
The returned string will be the same as the name of the error code constant.
This function controls various runtime options for the specified FTP stream.
This function is called `m` because we are returning a `m`ap of `Awaitable`.
This function returns a string with whitespace stripped from the end of str.
This function will return FALSE for symlinks pointing to non-existing files.
This is a case where global dce can change the type of locals across blocks.
This is a debug function, which dump directly the data on the normal output.
This is a limitation of the current approach to checking switch case labels.
This will not create file and line items for the call into the error handler
Throws InvalidArgumentException, if Awaitable does not support cancellation.
To get the documents themselves, you can use one of the methods shown above.
Try normalization and test normalization with Procedural and Object methods.
UDP will never cause a connection error, as it is a connection-LESS protocol
Use SplFileInfo::getRealPath() to determine the true path on the filesystem.
Useful for unit tests that want to muck with globals, and then lock them in.
Warning, and doesn't change the value try to redefine a pre-defined constant
When the ArrayObject is constructed from an array all properties are public.
b - the argument is treated as an integer, and presented as a binary number.
check order of evaluation of arguments in a function call w.r.t side effects
comparison function for SimpleClass2 objects which has more than one members
different scalar/nonscalar values to be used in place of an 'input' argument
exif_imagetype() reads the first bytes of an image and checks its signature.
finds "This is a test." and "This is another test." (non-greedy) (2 matches)
fread() reads up to length bytes from the file pointer referenced by handle.
getimagesize() can also return some more information in imageinfo parameter.
gregoriantojd() can be used to convert such dates to their Julian Day count.
if conversion to string is done by echo, for example, an exeption is thrown.
in /home/hartmut/projects/php/dev/head/ext/xml/tests/bug30266.php on line 22
last row has been implicitly cleaned from the wire by freeing the result set
loop through each element of the arrays for str,mask,start and len arguments
loop to check if the file with new mode is executable  using is_executable()
looping to test shuffle() with each sub-array in the multi-dimensional array
matching string having integer in beginning, result:true in loose type check
o - the argument is treated as an integer, and presented as an octal number.
php_uname() returns a description of the operating system PHP is running on.
proto float cos(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
proto float sin(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
proto float tan(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
string containing non-numbers /* strings containing one alphabetic character
target and port: hostname and port where the requested service can be found.
testing sort() function by supplying different arrays, flag value is defualt
virtualmem The maximum size of the virtual memory for the process, in bytes.
with "at" and "dot" (uses backreferences) ('josmessa at uk dot ibm dot com')
2 - same as 0 but only byte-values with a frequency equal to zero are listed.
32 is an arbitrary limit to avoid going above the maximum command line length
@args       mixed   The parameters to be passed to the function, as an array.
@return     mixed   The crc32() checksum of the file within the Phar archive.
@return array - Returns an array indexed using the keys from the input array.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if needle is found in the array, FALSE otherwise.
@return int - Returns the number of code points interpreting string as UTF-8.
@return int - Returns the number of parameters within the prepared statement.
@return mixed - A new DOMNodeList object containing all the matched elements.
@return mixed - Returns a DateTimeZone object on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns an SQLite3Result object if the query returns results.
@return mixed - Returns an SQLite3Stmt object on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the calling class or false if called at the top level
@return mixed - Returns the length of the written string or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the output buffer or FALSE if no buffering is active.
@return mixed - Returns the value of the requested option, or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - min() returns the numerically lowest of the parameter values.
@return string - The uncompressed character or FALSE on EOF (unlike gzeof()).
@use_include_path mixed   Whether to search in the include_path for filename.
A stream of JSON objects in a format that Facebook's test systems understand.
Abstract superclass for constraints having a single possible output variable.
Accept a connection on a socket previously created by stream_socket_server().
Add a newline to the fatal file if we had a post-test fatal for better visual
All classes and interfaces are referred to by their corresponding namespaces.
Any selection of N outside this range will be truncated to the nearest limit.
Characters before and after the formatting string will be returned unchanged.
Check the position of the internal array pointer after calling array_merge().
Checking array_sum() with integer and float array containing duplicate values
Checks if the provided string is already in the specified normalization form.
Creates a DOMDocument object of the specified type with its document element.
Determine if the specified code point is a space character according to Java.
Emit labels for unspecialized executor For each opcode in opcode number order
GET_LOCK("test_mysqli_change_user_locks_temporary_lock_1") should be released
If FALSE is returned, use mysql_error() to determine the nature of the error.
If encoding is omitted, then the current character encoding name is returned.
If object is omitted when inside a class, the name of that class is returned.
If that flag is not set we return true on the first valid sub iterator found.
If the array is empty and initial is not passed, array_reduce() returns NULL.
If the current locale is C or POSIX, this function is equivalent to strcmp().
If wait3 is not available, providing a value for options will have no effect.
If you create the file, it will return TRUE even if you then delete the file.
In January 2008 , level 7.18.0 of the curl lib, many of the messages changed.
In earlier versions, it was taken as number of significant digits (one less).
It is useful when setting the correct Return-Path header when using sendmail.
Keys are used to do more restrictive check  Source code: ext/standard/array.c
NOTE: documentation is not clear on this: function always return NULL or TRUE
NOTE: for BC reasons with ext/mysql, ext/mysqli accepts invalid result modes.
NOTE: you cannot use PDO::query() with unbuffered, native PS - see extra test
NS  target: FQDN of the name server which is authoritative for this hostname.
Opening the existing data file in "x+b" mode to check for the warning message
Opening the existing data file in "x+t" mode to check for the warning message
PDO::ATTR_STRINGIFY_FETCHES: Convert numeric values to strings when fetching.
Parse a load of URLs without specifying PHP_URL_FRAGMENT as the URL component
Part 2: Storing a reference to the result of a function in a static variable.
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to imap_fetchheader() to test behaviour
Pass different stream types to imap_close() to test whether it can close them
Pass natcasesort() an infinitely recursive array to test how it is re-ordered
Passing different scalar and nonscalar values in place of 'callback' argument
Performs an ordered traversal of the subtree starting at this SplayTree.Node.
Produce unspecialized executor for each handlers in helpers in original order
Removes attribute is namespace namespaceURI named localName from the element.
Reschedule the work of an async function until some other time in the future.
Returns a ImmVector built from the values produced by the specified Iterable.
Returns a Vector containing all the values except the first n of this Vector.
Returns a quoted printable string created according to  RFC2045, section 6.7.
Returns a string containing the version of the currently running Zend Engine.
Returns an `ImmVector` containing the first `n` values of the current `Pair`.
Returns the MySQL client statistics at the moment the successful query ended.
Returns the last key from this ImmVector, or null if this ImmVector is empty.
Returns the number of fields (columns) associated with the current row block.
SOCK_RDM Provides a reliable datagram layer that does not guarantee ordering.
Schedules a reset of the current xbox thread, when the next request comes in.
See List of Supported Protocols/Wrappers for more information about wrappers.
Set a handler to be called when leaving the scope of a namespace declaration.
Should throw a warning as setPrefixPart expects argument 1 to be long integer
Sorts an array by key in reverse order, maintaining key to data correlations.
SplObjectStorage::offsetExists() is an alias of SplObjectStorage::contains().
Supported calendars are CAL_GREGORIAN, CAL_JULIAN, CAL_JEWISH and CAL_FRENCH.
TODO getAttribute() is pretty poor in supporting the options, suppress errors
TODO(t5921532) Add tests for ar_AE once icu has been updated to 53.1 or newer
Test array_intersect_ukey with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test if the upgraded type is accepted with no errors by a compatible function
Test mb_decode_mimeheader with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_internal_encoding with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test stream_get_meta_data with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test that we can handle unserialization of Pairs with and without namespaces.
Test vprintf() for char formats with an array of chars passed to the function
Test xml_parser_create_ns with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_diff_uassoc with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_intersect() with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_udiff_assoc with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing fgetcsv() to read a line from a file which doesn't have any CSV field
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when default enclosure value is provided
Testing how preg_grep reacts to being passed the wrong type of input argument
The actual meanings of these flags are described in the predefined constants.
The actual meanings of these modes are described in the predefined constants.
The default value is NULL, which corresponds to IntlDateFormatter::GREGORIAN.
The error can be  avoided by choosing the __toString magix method as follows:
The field, however, lives on, and its contents have been formalized by POSIX.
The following line only operates on classes which are converted to c already.
The handlers for the configured events are called as many times as necessary.
The impetus for this file is the "OSS Parity" snapshot on our team TV screen.
The iterator interface to normalizer is rarely used, so is not provided here.
The number of values can be found by indexing "count" in the resultant array.
The portion defined will be copied onto the x,y coordinates, dst_x and dst_y.
The possible value for the format and the resultant outputs are listed below.
The value in the elements represents how many times a line has been executed.
The way these two are conjoined is by using the AppendItemFormat for G (era).
This may be a Pear thing, a PHPUnit running phpt thing, or or something else.
This parameter only applies when not making asynchronous connection attempts.
This value must be one of either SQLITE3_ASSOC, SQLITE3_NUM, or SQLITE3_BOTH.
Thus, you should be prepared to requery if the cursor is MongoCursor::dead().
Turns on the usual SSL peer certificate and host checks (enabled by default).
U+0525 CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER PE WITH DESCENDER (added in 5.2.0, October 2009)
Using different types of repeatitive keys as well as values for 'input' array
Verify that you can safely access a Zend resource even after its been closed.
We have to allow whitespace then ending the file before we start the manifest
We need to fill in the hole that we created in the middle of the final level.
When using the foreach construct, you will also iterate over the subelements.
You can use file_get_contents() to return the contents of a file as a string.
You must ensure that the delimiter argument comes before the string argument.
calculate the hash and dump it, if data read, expecting here no data was read
calling check_printr() to display contents of float variables using print_r()
calling check_vardump() to display the resource content type using var_dump()
change the password for the second DB user and kill the persistent connection
dst_image is the destination image, src_image is the source image identifier.
errstr The second parameter, errstr, contains the error message, as a string.
expected: default key 0, value will be replaced by 'bool_key4'   numeric keys
ftp_ssl_connect() opens an explicit SSL-FTP connection to the specified host.
heredoc string containing embedded 'new line chars'/'new lines' in the string
implode() can, for historical reasons, accept its parameters in either order.
in collections mode, any class using a trait gets an additional static method
loop through each element of the array and check the working of strncasecmp()
loop through each element of the array for different heredoc and mask strings
loop through each element of values for 'str' and default value of 'chunklen'
loop to display the variables and its reference count using debug_zval_dump()
nl_langinfo() is used to access individual elements of the locale categories.
no need to check the return value, will bail and make EXPECTF fail if need be
openssl_csr_sign() generates an x509 certificate resource from the given CSR.
proto float acos(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
proto float asin(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
proto float atan(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
proto float cosh(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
proto float sinh(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
proto float sqrt(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
proto float tanh(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
return length - 1 always, expect false test invalid arguments : non-resources
show lengths to help triage in case of failure expected headers since its CGI
strict This is an example of a pattern I see being useful with type constants
testing asort() function by supplying different arrays, flag value is default
*********************************************************** Base echoHexBinary
@filter     mixed   The optional filter, for filtering desired property types.
@return Imagick - Extracts a region of the image and returns it as a new wand.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if class_name is a defined class, FALSE otherwise.
@return int - Actual number of bytes added to the hashing context from handle.
@return int - Returns the count of code points if valid UTF-8 else byte count.
@return int - xml_parse_into_struct() returns 0 for failure and 1 for success.
@return mixed - A new DOMDocumentType node with its ownerDocument set to NULL.
@return mixed - Returns a file pointer resource on success, or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - Returns a string of server version number or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns an array of filenames on success, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - The result of the function call if defined, otherwise default.
@return mixed - max() returns the numerically highest of the parameter values.
@return string - Returns the name of the class of which object is an instance.
@return string The raw text of a default value, or empty if it does not exist.
@var integer Operation mode, see RegexIterator::setMode() for a list of modes.
A list of available transports can be retrieved using stream_get_transports().
A row block is either a full or partial set of result rows from a MySQL query.
Adds the Euro sign, French and Finnish letters missing in Latin-1(ISO-8859-1).
An object that can be used to store or retrieve binary data from the database.
Applies the user-defined function funcname to each element of the input array.
Ask the user to provide an email address, so that QA team can contact the user
Both will return "false" on error (no cached time or the stamp doesn't exist).
Called during conversion from source encoding to internal UChar representation
Counts the number of times the needle substring occurs in the haystack string.
Create a number formatter  Creates a number formatter from locale and pattern.
Create two timezone objects, one for Taipei (Taiwan) and one for Tokyo (Japan)
Extracted files and directories preserve permissions as stored in the archive.
Fallback php script provides php REPL experience from debugger console window.
For more information see: Martin Pool's  Natural Order String Comparison page.
For reflection in finding tests Since PHPUnit 3.8, Autoload.php has gone away.
From Docs: Construct a new array iterator from anything that has a hash table.
If -1 is used, the default compression of the zlib library is used which is 6.
If maxlength is not specified, all remaining content in source will be copied.
If name is specified, the name of the current session is changed to its value.
If no value is supplied, PDOStatement::fetchColumn() fetches the first column.
If offset is negative then it starts that far from the end of the input array.
If parameter timeout is specified, the item will expire after timeout seconds.
If two members compare as equal, their order in the sorted array is undefined.
If unserialize is FALSE, the message will be returned as a binary-safe string.
If you do not call this, you'll get "not master" errors when you try to query.
If you have enabled safe mode, or open_basedir further restrictions may apply.
If you want to execute multiple queries use the mysqli_multi_query() function.
In order for it to be safe you need to invoke a static method on the instance.
In this way, the archive will be up-to-date with the activity performed on it.
Iteratively call a handler function with blocks of contiguous character types.
LOCK_EX Acquire an exclusive lock on the file while proceeding to the writing.
Memcache::replace() should be used to replace value of existing item with key.
Misses here seem to be a huge slowdown, causing problems with fbmake timeouts.
MySQL will silently truncate this data if it is inserted into a `utf8` column.
Note that the default return value comes BEFORE the arguments to the function.
PDO::MYSQL_ATTR_USE_BUFFERED_QUERY (available in MySQL): Use buffered queries.
Pass different octal and hexadecimal values to ctype_punct() to test behaviour
Pass referenced variables as arguments to array_key_exists() to test behaviour
Please consult the Streams constant list for further details on each constant.
Pretty cool -- just pass in 'false' for either if you want to use the default.
Replaces the colors of an image with the closest color from a reference image.
Returns a Map containing the specified range of key/value pairs from this Map.
Returns an ImmVector built from the values produced by the specified Iterable.
Returns the first key from this ImmVector, or null if this ImmVector is empty.
Returns true if the iterator points to a valid value, returns false otherwise.
Returns whether the type of failure that produced the exception was a timeout.
Same tests as above but stdclass is internal - so all results should be false.
Sanity check to ensure that pcre extension needed by this script is available.
Set a callback function to be called whenever a function is entered or exited.
Set the various assert() control options or just query their current settings.
Sets the external entity reference handler function for the XML parser parser.
Sizeof() has been tested for simple integer, string, indexed and mixed arrays.
So if you have a word that is larger than the given width, it is broken apart.
Test that Map behaves properly when mixing namespaced and non-namespaced code.
Test that Set behaves properly when mixing namespaced and non-namespaced code.
Test vfprintf() for char formats with an array of chars passed to the function
Test vsprintf() for char formats with an array of chars passed to the function
Test xml_parse_into_struct with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test xml_parser_get_option with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test xml_parser_set_option with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_udiff_uassoc with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_walk() by passing more number of parameters to callback function
Testing how preg_match reacts to being passed the wrong type of regex argument
Testing how preg_quote reacts to being passed the wrong type of input argument
Testing how preg_split reacts to being passed the wrong type of input argument
Testing how preg_split reacts to being passed the wrong type of regex argument
Testing imagecolorallocate with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing stream_set_timeout with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing uasort() with 'array_arg' having different subarrays as array elements
The bzip2 or zlib extension must be enabled to take advantage of this feature.
The driver should automatically reconnect (if possible) on the next operation.
The following enum values are replicated in hphp/runtime/base/type-structure.h
The format is defined by the formatter, returns both number and currency code.
The function takes two parameters, the hostname and port of the failed server.
The keys should be valid curl_setopt() constants or their integer equivalents.
The list of valid identifiers is available in the List of Supported Timezones.
The locales are syntactically like those from the HTTP Accept-Language header.
The original listening socket socket, however, remains open and may be reused.
The second DIM (final op) will throw an exception from the error handler here.
The total time for the establishment of the MySQL connection, in microseconds.
There exists a canonicalization function to make case match the specification.
These files are binary data arrays which ICU uses to store the localized data.
This method enables the ability to use PHP functions within XPath expressions.
This method imports the stylesheet into the XSLTProcessor for transformations.
This must be the public key corresponding to the private key used for signing.
Thrown when there are errors reading or writing files to or from the database.
Tuple-like arrays can be used with list(...) statement - usage with no errors.
Use null, false or empty string to unregister a previously registered handler.
Use this method to ensure your query is safe from, for example, SQL injection.
Wait for a certain length of time before an async function does any more work.
Warning: PDOStatement::getColumnMeta() expects exactly 1 parameter, 0 given in
Warning: PDOStatement::getColumnMeta() expects exactly 1 parameter, 2 given in
When the offset is equal to the length of this node, the new node has no data.
You should NOT use idx() as a general replacement for accessing array indices.
calls within that file should stay strict, despite being included by weak file
calls within that file should stay weak, despite being included by strict file
checking statistics of old and renamed file - both should be same except ctime
contains japanese characters, ASCII digits and different, UTF-8 encoded digits
dir This element contains the absolute path to the home directory of the user.
echoMeUnknown with endpoint NOT header destination, doesn't have to understand
error getting socket  Code: 10  The socket was closed or encountered an error.
even though we allow unset on *array* indexes, we shouldn't allow it on shapes
formated string for display This doc comment block generated by idl/sysdoc.php
imagecopyresized() copies a rectangular portion of one image to another image.
loop through each element of the array for num check the working of array_fill
ob_get_clean() essentially executes both ob_get_contents() and ob_end_clean().
parse_ini_string() returns the settings in string ini in an associative array.
passing long string as 'str' and testing default value of chunklen which is 76
passwd The passwd element contains the user's password in an encrypted format.
pdo_type The type of this column as represented by the PDO::PARAM_* constants.
proto float acosh(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
proto float asinh(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
proto float atanh(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
proto float log10(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
returns the shape containing the full type information for this type constant.
socket_select() accepts arrays of sockets and waits for them to change status.
stream_socket_recvfrom() accepts data from a remote socket up to length bytes.
temp dir touch a directory and check stat, there should be difference in atime
test that mb_ereg can match correctly when passed different character classes.
test the effects on the stats of dir/file for changing permissions of dir/file
testing array_fill() by passing different unexpected values for 'num' argument
testing array_fill() by passing different unexpected values for 'val' argument
testing arsort() function by supplying different arrays, flag value is default
without output buffering, the debug messages will cause all manner of warnings
'e' is the base of the natural system of logarithms, or approximately 2.718282.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.iscompressed.php )  No parameters.
*********************************************************** Base echoFloatArray
5.4.0  Iterator support was added, as mysqli_result now implements Traversable.
@extension  mixed   For decompressing, the default file extension is .phar.tar.
@input      mixed   The new array or object to exchange with the current array.
@return     mixed   Returns an ArrayIterator containing the appended iterators.
@return     mixed   TRUE if the current element is acceptable, otherwise FALSE.
@return - An `ImmVector` containing the first `n` values of the current `Pair`.
@return array - Returns an array with three samples (last 1, 5 and 15 minutes).
@return bool - Has the connection finished (either successfully or with error).
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the two strings are confusable, FALSE otherwise.
@return int - Returns the maximum supported key size of the algorithm in bytes.
@return mixed - Returns an array of objects describing one message header each.
@return mixed - Returns the digested hash value on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the group ID of the file, or FALSE in case of an error.
@return mixed - Returns the portion of string, or FALSE if needle is not found.
@return mixed - Returns the value of the last element or FALSE for empty array.
@return mixed - The compressed string, or an error number if an error occurred.
@return mixed - The new DOMProcessingInstruction or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return mixed - The result of the transformation as a string or FALSE on error.
@return string  Description of an error occurred in the last API function call.
@return string - Returns a unique function name as a string, or FALSE on error.
@return string - Returns the error message associated with the errno parameter.
@return the iterator which is an ArrayIterator object connected to this object.
@since PHP 5.1  This represents errors that cannot be detected at compile time.
@since PHP 5.1  This represents errors that should be detected at compile time.
Adapted from ext/standard/tests/file/stream_001.php Removed 2/3 spammy warnings
Adds the keys of the specified container to this Vector and returns the Vector.
Alternatively, the sslChecks member can be set to FALSE to turn SSL checks off.
Any whitespace in the format string matches any whitespace in the input stream.
Any whitespace in the format string matches any whitespace in the input string.
Array Note: PHP Warning, strlen() expects parameter 1 to be string, array given
Because a `Pair` is immutable by default, this just returns the current object.
C++ exceptions, like stack overflow, now prevent further php code from running.
Create sample arrays Test alpha, numeric (decimal, hex, octal) and special data
Define a bunch of objects all of which will use standard compare object handler
Defines global benchsuite running mode that overrides benchmark suite behavior.
Dumps the information contained by a prepared statement directly on the output.
Extract tests from a specified file, returns an array of tested function tokens
If cacert is NULL, the generated certificate will be a self-signed certificate.
If the IV is ignored in the specified cipher/mode combination zero is returned.
If there are multiple connections queued on the socket, the first will be used.
If we have "No tests executed", assume a skip Otherwise, print the final stats.
If you don't need to use a custom context, you can skip this parameter by NULL.
Indicates whether the `Awaitable` associated with this wrapper exited normally.
Logging can be used to get detailed information about what the driver is doing.
Memcache::setCompressThreshold() enables automatic compression of large values.
No nodes directly correspond to this class, but other nodes do inherit from it.
Possible values: - SIG_BLOCK: Add the signals to the currently blocked signals.
Prepares an SQL statement to be executed by the PDOStatement::execute() method.
Processes a SOAP request, calls necessary functions, and sends a response back.
Returns a ImmVector containing all values except the first n of this ImmVector.
Returns a KeyedIterable produced by combined the specified Iterables pair-wise.
Returns an array of information about the user referenced by the given user ID.
Returns the last value from this ImmVector, or null if this ImmVector is empty.
Returns the peak of memory, in bytes, that's been allocated to your PHP script.
Sets an attribute with namespace namespaceURI and name name to the given value.
Setting a non-static key in shape-like array downgrades it to a map-like array.
Setting a non-static key in tuple-like array downgrades it to a vec-like array.
Setting this to true will force YAMLDump to enclose any string value in quotes.
Similar to soundex() metaphone creates the same key for similar sounding words.
Subsequent calls to fread() or stream_socket_recvfrom() will see the same data.
TODO make this test not cause an exception (address leading and trailing commas
Test AKempty promotion in double-nested collection with intermediate assignment
Test array_intersect_uassoc with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test array_uintersect_assoc with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test behaviour of array_rand() when keys of the 'input' array is heredoc string
Test that Pair behaves properly when mixing namespaced and non-namespaced code.
Test that we can handle unserialization of Vectors with and without namespaces.
Test the effectiveness of pre-coloring Shouldn't have any shuffling for concats
Test the following: - Stepping over instructions that cause destructors to run.
Testing array_intersect_key with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing fgetcsv() to read a file when provided with default enclosure character
Testing imap_fetch_overview with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing strspn() : with heredoc string, varying start and default len arguments
The comparison of arrays' data is performed by using an user-supplied callback.
The default value is determined by the current NLS setting (mbstring.language).
The function must return TRUE in order to continue iterating over the iterator.
The function will fail and return an integer value corresponding to MSG_ENOMSG.
The latter will also emit a warning, which we don't care about, so suppress it.
The only purpose of this is to check if emulated and native PS return the same.
The zlib or bzip2 extensions must be enabled to take advantage of this feature.
This also helps us prepare for incorporating this with our official test suite.
This class should be used to save dates to the database and to query for dates.
This file was causing an infinite loop in an earlier implementation of --color.
This number can be converted into a textual error message using ldap_err2str().
This will only dumps the parameters in the statement at the moment of the dump.
Verify that our implementation is the same as for the constructor and strtotime
We only catch the first invalid one even if there are more - that matches PHP 7
We want to be sure that there really is a png file with a reasonable file size.
When core files are larger than this size, they will be truncated at this size.
When iterating over a Set, the elements appear in the order they were inserted.
You can also set the global default scale for all functions by using bcscale().
You can use this function e.g. to decrypt data which were supposed only to you.
after unserialize the property myObjC::attrD is null instead of expected object
append the data to the file, starting from current position of the file pointer
array_key_exists() on an object, it should work on only public member variables
calling array_reverse() with various types of 2-d arrays with default arguments
calling check_printr() to display contents of integer variables using print_r()
calls within that file should stay weak, despite being included by strict fille
check this and ensure that each returns  the first element after the assignment
finds / followed by one or more of a-z, A-Z and 0-9, followed by zero or more .
ftell() gives undefined results for append-only streams (opened with "a" flag).
looping to test array_rand() with each sub-array in the multi-dimensional array
mb_strcut() performs equivalent operation as mb_substr() with different method.
members This consists of an array of string's for all the members in the group.
msg_lrpid The pid of the process that received the last message from the queue.
openssl_get_privatekey() parses key and prepares it for use by other functions.
passwd The passwd element contains the group's password in an encrypted format.
saveHTML() should not add a default doctype when LIBXML_HTML_NODEFDTD is passed
session_save_path() needs to be called before session_start() for that purpose.
testing sort() function by supplying string object array, flag value is defualt
this should be a TCP/IP connection and not a Unix Socket (or SHM or Named Pipe)
*********************************************************** Base echoStringArray
*********************************************************** Base echoStructArray
@name       mixed   The name of the static property for which to return a value.
@return     mixed   An array of ReflectionMethod objects reflecting each method.
@return     mixed   Returns the file name of the current DirectoryIterator item.
@return - An `AsyncMysqlRowBlockIterator` to iterate over the current row block.
@return array - PDO::getAvailableDrivers() returns an array of PDO driver names.
@return array - Returns an array containing the currently available SPL classes.
@return int - Returns number of ready connections upon success, FALSE otherwise.
@return int - The length of the string on success, and 0 if the string is empty.
@return mixed - An array of values resulted from merging the arguments together.
@return mixed - PDO::query() returns a PDOStatement object, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the numerical position of the last occurrence of needle.
@return mixed - Returns the time the file was last changed, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - fwrite() returns the number of bytes written, or FALSE on error.
@return string - Description of an error occurred in the last API function call.
@return string - Returns the portion of string, or FALSE if needle is not found.
A constraint may be appended to the plan when all its input variables are known.
Add the given constraint to the set of all constraints that refer this variable.
Alternatively, the debug property can be set to a FALSE value to turn debug off.
An ordered collection where values are keyed using integers 0 thru n-1 in order.
Be aware that all executable phar archives must contain .phar in their filename.
Be aware that no non-executable archives cannot contain .phar in their filename.
Both the data and the indexes are compared by using separate callback functions.
CNAME  target: FQDN of location in DNS namespace to which the record is aliased.
Connections on which no query has been send - 3 Difference: pass two connections
Construct the list of all possible ways to call the subject (function or method)
Contents of the returned array    Key: Value:     msg The CURLMSG_DONE constant.
Convert all or part of a YAML document stream read from a URL to a PHP variable.
Declares the attribute specified by localName and namespaceURI to be of type ID.
Draws the character c vertically at the specified coordinate on the given image.
Enable LDAP pagination by sending the pagination control (page size, cookie...).
For iterators that return SplFileInfo objects, the second parameter is required.
For this reason the test is parametrized so there is no hardcoded timezone data.
Gets information about the version and capabilities of the installed GD library.
If bind_rdn and bind_password are not specified, an anonymous bind is attempted.
If length is specified and is positive, then that many elements will be removed.
If no connection is found or established, an E_WARNING level error is generated.
If not, this function will only return the previous setting without changing it.
If options is omitted, it returns the string that describes the current options.
If str is shorter than start characters long, the empty string will be returned.
If the collator was instantiated from rules or an error occurred, returns false.
If you append the string //TRANSLIT to out_charset transliteration is activated.
If you pass pattern as '*', you will get a list of the entire mailbox hierarchy.
In case if item with such key doesn't exists, Memcache::replace() returns FALSE.
Make sure array to container fast-paths properly account for refs in the arrays.
Make sure that we can tell which class was called for intercepted static methods
Normal client errors such as adding an existing key will not trigger a failover.
Now the result is either the root node or the greatest node in the left subtree.
Now the same where the current day-of-week does not match the one in the phrase.
Only file paths matching the regular expression will be included in the archive.
Pass an incorrect number of arguments to imap_fetch_overview() to test behaviour
Pass arrays of different data types to natcasesort() to test how they are sorted
Pass arrays where values are of one data type to test behaviour of array_shift()
Performs a multibyte regular expression match for a predefined multibyte string.
Performs a multibyte safe strrpos() operation based on the number of characters.
Rather, if the operation would result in a block, the called function will fail.
Regression test for Peephole optimizer's logic for remapping method entry points
Returns a Map built from the key/value Pairs produced by the specified Iterable.
Returns a `Vector` representing all row blocks returned by the successful query.
Returns an ASCII string containing the binary representation of hexidecimal str.
Returns an array of the information that was used to generate the password hash.
Returns the first value from this ImmVector, or null if this ImmVector is empty.
Sets the file position indicator for handle to the beginning of the file stream.
Sets the processing instruction (PI) handler function for the XML parser parser.
Test array_map() by passing anoymous callback function with following variations
Test array_uintersect_uassoc with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test fscanf() to scan different integer values using different char format types
Test fscanf() to scan different integer values using different hexa format types
Test htmlspecialchars_decode with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test image_type_to_mime_type with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test mb_substitute_character with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test preg_replace_callback() with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test xml_set_default_handler with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test xml_set_element_handler with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_intersect_ukey with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing crc32() : with different strings in double quotes passed to the function
Testing crc32() : with different strings in single quotes passed to the function
Testing fgetcsv() to read from a file when provided with delimiter value as NULL
Testing fgetcsv() to read from a file when provided with enclosure value as NULL
Testing how preg_match reacts to being passed the wrong type of subject argument
Testing how preg_replace reacts to being passed the wrong type of regex argument
Testing strcspn() : with heredoc string, varying start and default len arguments
The MongoCursor class has several methods for setting flags on the query object.
The `Iterable` returned is one that produces the values from the current `Pair`.
The algorithm used here was introduced around the year 532 by Dionysius Exiguus.
The first byte suggests this is a three-byte UTF-8 sequence, but it's not valid.
The public component of the key can be obtained using openssl_pkey_get_public().
This function appears in the php source in spl_iterators.c as spl_dual_it_fetch.
This function encodes the string data to UTF-8, and returns the encoded version.
This function is like array_udiff() but works on the keys instead of the values.
This function takes a node of a DOM document and makes it into a SimpleXML node.
This is a tricky function to use and we are actually thinking of deprecating it.
This is an internal engine interface which cannot be implemented in PHP scripts.
This is the only message type where the fourth parameter, extra_headers is used.
This is the point when the switch from Julian dates to Gregorian dates occurred.
This may result in unexpected behavior when using an object or NULL replacement.
This method should be used to convert a tar archive to zip format or vice-versa.
This name is then used by MongoCollection::deleteIndex() to remove the function.
This test uses mysqli_query()/mysqli_fetch_assoc() to fetch the inserted values.
This weirdly is a valid statement for newlocale/uselocale but not for setlocale.
To return several values they must return an array with named output parameters.
Translate a `Traversable` of `Awaitables` into a single `Awaitable` of `Vector`.
Try creating collator with different locales with Procedural and Object methods.
Try getting the region for different locales with Procedural and Object methods.
UNSAFE_EXPR Multiline comments should not cause following line numbers to break.
Unless otherwise noted the functions in this class are tolerant of both formats.
array of files to be tested if they are readable by using is_readable() function
call fgetcsv() to parse csv fields use different delimiter than existing in file
calling check_vardump() to display contents of float variables  using var_dump()
don't print things here, since this tests what accumulates in the output buffer.
ftp_rawlist() executes the FTP LIST command, and returns the result as an array.
hphp_get_extension_info() - Internally used for getting extension's information.
if (0)      // even if the yield is never executed, can't have return with value
loop through the array to test shuffle() function with each element of the array
proc_terminate() allows you terminate the process and continue with other tasks.
proto float deg2rad(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
proto float rad2deg(float number) Function is implemented in ext/standard/math.c
strict Reason for shape type should point to the last operation that modified it
strict Test of expression dependent type of local variable for try/catch/finally
testing asort() function by supplying string object array, flag value is default
testing asort() function by supplying string object array, flag value is defualt
testing ksort() function by supplying string object array, flag value is defualt
testing rsort() function by supplying string object array, flag value is defualt
testing sort() function by supplying integer object array, flag value is defualt
these two are from Magnus Holmgren (extracted from a pcre-dev mailing list post)
this may stop working in future versions, but is here for code coverage purposes
you can bind as many values as you want no matter if they can be replaced or not
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.recursivecachingiterator.php )  ...
*********************************************************** Base echoIntegerArray
- `pool_connection_limit`: The maximum number of connections allowed in the pool.
1 - same as 0 but only byte-values with a frequency greater than zero are listed.
@options    mixed   Associative array of options or bitwise disjunction of flags.
@return     int     The maximum accepted depth, or FALSE if any depth is allowed.
@return     mixed   An instance of an object implementing Iterator or Traversable
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the iterator entry is valid, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   Returns the length of the written string or FALSE on failure.
@return     mixed   The return value (usually TRUE on success, FALSE on failure).
@return   mixed   Value at array index if it exists, or the default value if not.
@return - A `float` representing the average callback dealy on this MySQL client.
@return float - The logarithm of arg to base, if given, or the natural logarithm.
@return mixed - Returns the character encoding used by multibyte regex functions.
@return mixed - Returns the contents of the symbolic link path or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - Returns the portion of haystack, or FALSE if needle is not found.
@return mixed - Returns the time the file was last accessed, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the time the file was last modified, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the total number of bytes as a float or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - The decompressed string, or an error number if an error occurred.
@return string - If the server appears to be warmed up, returns the empty string.
@return string - Returns the path of the current directory used for data storage.
@return string Description of an error occurred in the last Collator method call.
@save_indexes mixed   Try to save the numeric indexes used in the original array.
@throws     Exception            Emits an Exception if max_depth is less than -1.
All instances created with the same persistent_id will share the same connection.
Alternatively, the debug member can be set to a non-FALSE value to turn debug on.
Block the currently executing task and return the next task control block to run.
Check the position of the internal array pointer after calling array_key_exists()
Checks whether the child process exited because of a signal which was not caught.
Classes that implement this interface no longer support __sleep() and __wakeup().
Convert all or part of a YAML document stream read from a file to a PHP variable.
Convert numeric string reference of string str in a specified block to character.
Creates and returns a stream context with any options supplied in options preset.
Ensure correct unmangling of private property names for anonymous class instances
File pointer position after read operation, expected at the beginning of the file
For details about how this function works, read the preg_replace() documentation.
For example, libenchant.dll loads libenchant_myspell.dll or libenchant_ispell.dll
Generates the cyclic redundancy checksum polynomial of 32-bit lengths of the str.
If Standard PHP library is installed, it will return the properties of an object.
If string is less than or equal to start characters long, FALSE will be returned.
If successful, record the solution, perhaps modifying the current dataflow graph.
If the class is defined in the PHP core or in a PHP extension, FALSE is returned.
If there are n occurrences of pattern, the returned array will contain n+1 items.
If you created the image from a file, only colors used in the image are resolved.
In MULTI mode (activated by calling Redis::multi()) we send commands immediately.
In any case, the two cases can be distinguished by calling intl_get_error_code().
Initiate an asynchronous (non-blocking) connection to the specified MySQL server.
Note that JPC and JP2 are capable of having components with different bit depths.
Note: SessionHandlerInterface::close() is called immediately after this function.
Object Note: PHP Warning, strlen() expects parameter 1 to be string, object given
On some systems it is impossible to distinguish between empty match and an error.
Other versions only define this function, if the correct GD version is installed.
Otherwise, the existing file is overwritten, unless the FILE_APPEND flags is set.
Performs the ROT13 encoding on the str argument and returns the resulting string.
Prefer to use XhprofFrame classobjects instead of calling this function directly.
Reconnect because after 3 failed change_user attempts, the server blocks you off.
Remaining attributes are retrieved by calling ldap_next_attribute() successively.
Return the current key and value pair from an array  and advance the array cursor
Return the current key and value pair from an array and advance the array cursor.
Returns a string containing a binary representation of the given number argument.
Returns a string containing an octal representation of the given number argument.
Returns the MySQL client statistics at the moment the connection was established.
Returns the Unix timestamp corresponding to midnight on Easter of the given year.
Returns the number of days after March 21 on which Easter falls for a given year.
Returns the number of entries stored in the result of previous search operations.
Same as Part 1 but: The return statment transports a copy of the value to return.
Setting this to true will force YAMLLoad to use syck_load function when possible.
Shape-like arrays are subtypes of all the special interfaces that arrays are too.
Similar to nested_vm_exceptions, except throw intercepted functions into it also.
TODO: Fix this to use ZendParamMode when it is available See D1359972 for context
Temporarily binds the closure to newthis, and calls it with any given parameters.
Test fscanf() to scan different integer values using different octal format types
Test strncasecmp() function with various double quoted strings for 'str1', 'str2'
Test strncasecmp() function with various single quoted strings for 'str1', 'str2'
Test that ImmSet behaves properly when mixing namespaced and non-namespaced code.
Test the setlocale() when multiple valid/invalid locales are provided as argument
Test ucwords() by passing different values including scalar and non scalar values
Testing array_intersect_assoc with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when default arguments values are considered
Testing xml_parse_into_struct with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing xml_parser_get_option with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing xml_parser_set_option with one less than the expected number of arguments
That's just a difference in our implementation of how we store exception messages
The .gitignore will ensure that the frameworks aren't added to the official repo.
The actual meanings of these modifiers are described in the predefined constants.
The class can be used to save 32-bit integers to the database on a 64-bit system.
The class can be used to save 64-bit integers to the database on a 32-bit system.
The environment variable will only exist for the duration of the current request.
The following constants are used to specify different formats in the constructor.
The information about icons are retrieved from the icon with the highest bitrate.
The logging mechanism as used by MongoLog emits all log messages as a PHP notice.
This also occurs if you use this parameter to limit the count of fetched entries.
This class extends MongoClient and provides access to several deprecated methods.
This is done so that you can pick random keys as well as values out of the array.
This is parsed as the "first following Monday after the first Monday in December"
This is parsed as the "third following Monday after the first Monday in December"
This is useful for escaping the delimiter that is required by the PCRE functions.
This means that they cannot be declared inside functions, loops or if statements.
This method cannot be called when the ArrayObject was constructed from an object.
This method is identical to:    Each index, when created, is given a unique name.
This parameter can be either a string (a function name) or an array of functions.
This soundex function returns a string 4 characters long, starting with a letter.
Translate a `KeyedTraversable` of `Awaitables` into a single `Awaitable of `Map`.
Tuple-like arrays are subtypes of all the special interfaces that arrays are too.
Turns the specified dn, into a more user-friendly form, stripping off type names.
Variation 5 : Creating link, deleting it and checking linkinfo(), is_link() on it
We don't want to see the current classes again in the next iteration of the loop.
When displaying or printing a number it is converted to a locale-specific string.
White space may not appear within an individual locale, but is ignored otherwise.
You should also note that PHP doesn't cache information about non-existent files.
assuming running on a reasonable fast CPU time cannot change on the second sample
cal_to_jd() calculates the Julian day count for a date in the specified calendar.
driver:decl_type The SQL type used to represent the column value in the database.
force a fetch of endpoints, this happens irregardless if no endpoints in database
loop through each element of the 'needle' array to check the working of stripos()
loop through each element of the 'needle' array to check the working of strrpos()
maximum packet size up to which we test_mysqli_stmt_send_long_data_table_1 is 10M
mb_ereg_search_init() sets string and pattern for a multibyte regular expression.
no elements in doc  Code: 4  You're attempting to save a document with no fields.
proto void flush(void) Function is implemented in ext/standard/basic_functions.c.
remove the execute permisson from parent dir, allowing all permission for sub dir
testing arsort() function by supplying string object array, flag value is default
testing arsort() function by supplying string object array, flag value is defualt
testing asort() function by supplying integer object array, flag value is default
testing asort() function by supplying integer object array, flag value is defualt
testing krsort() function by supplying string object array, flag value is defualt
testing ksort() function by supplying integer object array, flag value is defualt
testing rsort() function by supplying integer object array, flag value is defualt
there is no diff and we can't extract username we cannot schedule sandcasstle job
very light-weight function to extract a single named file from a gzipped tarball.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.export.php )  Exports.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splheap.next.php )  Move to the next node.
(Until we remove the restriction on calling methods on Tany in strict, of course.)
*********************************************************** GroupB echoNestedArray
- SIG_SETMASK: Replace the currently blocked signals by the given list of signals.
@context    mixed   A valid context resource created with stream_context_create().
@offset     mixed   The filename (relative path) to modify in the tar/zip archive.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the object is in the storage, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   Returns an SplFileInfo object for the parent path of the file.
@return     mixed   Returns the previous Exception if available or NULL otherwise.
@return     mixed   The data previously associated with the object in the storage.
@return     mixed   The return value will be casted to boolean and then evaluated.
@return array an array containing any of MD5, SHA-1, SHA-256, SHA-512, or OpenSSL.
@return int - Return the LDAP error number of the last LDAP command for this link.
@return mixed - If the child could be removed the functions returns the old child.
@return mixed - Returns an x509 certificate resource on success, FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the number of bytes written or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return mixed - Returns the user ID of the owner of the file, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - The length of the string on success, and 0 if the string is empty.
@return mixed - socket_send() returns the number of bytes sent, or FALSE on error.
@return string - Returns the string containing formatted value, or FALSE on error.
A unary input constraint used to mark a variable that the client wishes to change.
According to the manual we should get an int but as of today we do get a string...
Applies a convolution matrix on the image, using the given coefficient and offset.
Applies gamma correction to the given gd image given an input and an output gamma.
Associative (string) keys will be maintained, but numeric keys will be re-indexed.
Avoid actually writing anything to disk, Just make sure the calling semantics work
By using MYSQL_BOTH, you'll get an array with both associative and number indices.
Can be used to check if the autoloader uses the include path to check for classes.
Check if we are being given a mime.types file or if we should use the default URL.
Creates a spoof checker that checks for visually confusing characters in a string.
Elements will be arranged from highest to lowest when this function has completed.
Elements will be arranged from lowest to highest when this function has completed.
Ensure proper inheritance with get_class(anon class instance) used via class_alias
Error: 1148 SQLSTATE: 42000  (ER_NOT_ALLOWED_COMMAND) Load data infile not allowed
Figures out the best way of encoding the content read from the given file pointer.
For aliased columns, you cannot access the contents with the original column name.
For binding assignment expressions, the RHS will be passed by reference via FPassV
Hhbbc better not remove any of the parameter locals just because they aren't used.
If Standard PHP Library is installed,  it will return the properties of an object.
If Standard PHP library is  installed, it will return the properties of an object.
If Standard PHP library is installed,  it will return the properties of an object.
If a DateTime or an IntlCalendar object is passed, its timezone is not considered.
If filename is a symbolic or hard link then the link will be resolved and checked.
If needle is found in haystack more than once, the first matching key is returned.
If offset is negative, the sequence will start that far from the end of the array.
If string is less than or equal to start characters long, FALSE  will be returned.
If the optional get_as_float is set to TRUE then a float (in seconds) is returned.
If the value is not an array of valid items, an UnexpectedValueException is thrown
If we are at the end of the data, block for a while rather than returning no data.
In PHP 5 we first evaluate static class  properties and then do the function call.
Initialise function arguments not being substituted (if any) get an unset variable
It omits magic names (e.g. anything that starts with two underscores but no more).
It returns an associative array containing the data returned from the system call.
Kill the persistent connection - don't use mysqli_kill, mysqlnd will catch that...
Multiple elements with the same priority will get dequeued in no particular order.
Nested shape-like arrays preserve element types - usage that should report errors.
Oh, and you can decide how big the indent is and what the wordwrap for folding is.
Pass readdir() a directory handle pointing to an empty directory to test behaviour
Passed an array as the first argument and a reference to that array as the second.
Please note that this function only checks one dimension of a n-dimensional array.
Previously, an end user message was created as a sentence and handled as a string.
Prototype  : int getmypid  ( void  ) Description: Gets the current PHP process ID.
Returns a DOMNodeList of all elements with a given local name and a namespace URI.
Returns a ImmMap containing all key/value pairs except the first n of this ImmMap.
Returns a LibXMLError object if there is any error in the buffer, FALSE otherwise.
Returns an ImmVector containing the specified range of values from this ImmVector.
Returns the name of the file which is used to trace the output of this script too.
Serialize data into a compact format that can be unserialized by fb_unserialize().
Setting an out-of range key in tuple-like array downgrades it to a vec-like array.
So the performance impact on a `Pair` will be not be noticeable in the real world.
Some languages have more than one form for plural messages dependent on the count.
Splits the DN returned by ldap_get_dn() and breaks it up into its component parts.
Superglobals are JIT, phpdbg will not over-write whatever you set during bootstrap
TODO: should give a warning, but its PDO, let's ignore the missing warning for now
Takes a raw or base64 encoded string and decrypts it using a given method and key.
Test Basic Functionality of mb_substr with ASCII characters and multibyte strings.
Test the setlocale() when an array is provided as input containing list of locales
Test to make sure that a new object isn't reusing the results from the old object,
Testing array_intersect_uassoc with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_uintersect_assoc with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing how preg_match_all reacts to being passed the wrong type of input argument
Testing how preg_match_all reacts to being passed the wrong type of regex argument
The callback will be called with all the invariant parameters after the condition.
The total number of row blocks makes up the entire result of the successful query.
These are in a separate file so they can be loaded before the things that use them
They are useful for handling such things as file permissions and group membership.
This can be one of OPENSSL_KEYTYPE_DSA, OPENSSL_KEYTYPE_DH or OPENSSL_KEYTYPE_RSA.
This function is intended to be used as a default implementation for __autoload().
This function will return FALSE for constructs, such as include_once() and echo().
This function's behavior is controlled by the url_rewriter.tags php.ini parameter.
This is parsed as the "second following Monday after the first Monday in December"
This is the problematic case, setImageFormat doesn't really affect writeImageFile.
This is the same as the ReflectionExtension::export() with the return set to TRUE.
This means that you will not be able to define your own classes using these names.
This means we do not need to generate expression dependent types for these classes
This method may also be called statically to load and create a DOMDocument object.
This option allows mongos to send partial query results if a shard is unreachable.
This pair is returned in a four-element array, with the keys 0, 1, key, and value.
This test is currently *Linux only* due to the use of posix_getpid() and readlink.
To make this function available on Windows you must compile your own PHP binaries.
Try getting the keywords for different locales with Procedural and Object methods.
Unlike the function date(), idate() accepts just one char in the format parameter.
Use the PHP function getcwd() to figure out what the current working directory is.
Various functions that accept resource arguments have different coerce modes False
Warning  The current (1.3.0+) releases of the driver no longer implements pooling.
We may get one or more warnings, but then a real test status will come afterwards.
We redefine setX, so that it doesn't initialize the parent class properly anymore.
When a value is deleted from the hash, it is written to the current output buffer.
You will block until the connection has been adopted to an `AsyncMysqlConnection`.
call fgetcsv() to parse csv fields use different delimiter but same enclosure char
calling check_vardump() to display contents of integer variables  using var_dump()
compressed file length does not match incompressed lentgh for an uncompressed file
getting the array element in 'str' variable strtr() call in three args syntax form
imagefilltoborder() performs a flood fill whose border color is defined by border.
invalid regex  Code: 9  The regex passed to MongoRegex is not of the correct form.
loop through each element of the array for different values for 'num_req' argument
needle as haystack needle string containing one existing and one non-existing char
proc_nice() is not related to proc_open() and its associated functions in any way.
setlocale() to set all available locales in the system and check the success count
shm_has_var() checks whether a specific key exists inside a shared memory segment.
stream_wrapper_register() will return FALSE if the protocol already has a handler.
testing arsort() function by supplying integer object array, flag value is default
testing arsort() function by supplying integer object array, flag value is defualt
testing krsort() function by supplying integer object array, flag value is defualt
uksort() will sort the keys of an array using a user-supplied comparison function.
(The jit uses different code for the first several executions of any given branch.)
*********************************************************** GroupB echoNestedStruct
- Raw statistics for each test suite are put in a raw results file for examination.
@offset     mixed   The filename (relative path) to modify in a tar or zip archive.
@return     mixed   An iterator for the current entry, if it is an array or object.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if successful, FALSE if the entry had no metadata.
@return array - This will return an array with the output handlers in use (if any).
@return bool - Returns TRUE if a transaction is currently active, and FALSE if not.
@return boolean         false if formatter pattern could not be set, true otherwise
@return mixed - Returns the contents of the output buffer and end output buffering.
@return mixed - Returns the value at 'key' in 'search' or 'def' if it is not found.
@return mixed - Returns the values of array1 whose keys exist in all the arguments.
@return mixed - The value of the parameter (as a string), or FALSE if it's not set.
@return resource - A task handle xbox_task_status() and xbox_task_result() can use.
@return resource - Normally it returns an encryption descriptor, or FALSE on error.
@return string - Pattern adjusted to match the skeleton fields widths and subtypes.
@return string - Returns the string name of the column identified by column_number.
@since PHP 5.1  This kind of exceptions should directly leed to a fix in your code.
Almost everything that is not a CRUD operation can be done with a database command.
Arrays and objects are explored recursively with values indented to show structure.
Compare value of attribute with value of same attribute in an LDAP directory entry.
Computes the difference of arrays by using a callback function for data comparison.
Deserialize the handles in the reverse order, so they lay over each other's memory.
Determines whether the specified code point is a digit character according to Java.
Extract as many whole grapheme clusters as will fit into the given number of bytes:
Fetch a result object, if available, containing some rows of the nonblocking query.
For now, remove any logging and code coverage settings from the configuration file.
Function is tested by passing associative array as well as array with default keys.
Generates executor from skeleton file and definition (specialized or unspecialized)
Get the TypeStructure that contains the full type information of the assigned type.
However, if you were expecting a response, this means the database didn't give one.
I've kept it this way to avoid deviating too much from the original implementation.
Ideally we would be able to detect the impossibility of this comparison succeeding.
If a property has not been assigned a value, it will be returned with a NULL value.
If at least two parameters are provided, max() returns the biggest of these values.
If the assertion is given as a string it will be evaluated as PHP code by assert().
If the output_callback is not a callable function, this function will return FALSE.
If you're not looking to write sharding tools, what you probably want is MongoDate.
If you're wanting to decode instead (the reverse) you can use html_entity_decode().
It performs the modification at the attribute level as opposed to the object level.
Multiple recipients may be specified by putting a comma between each address in to.
Note that short query responses (less than 1MB) are always effectively snapshotted.
Note that this is a C constant, but not exposed to PHP, so we don't define it here.
Occurs if the database response started out correctly, but broke off in the middle.
Otherwise, returns a human-readable description of why the server is not warmed up.
Pass accented characters and Russian characters to check case conversion is correct
Passing built-in functions and different language constructs as 'callback' argument
Retrieves information about the caller that invoked the current function or method.
Returns a ImmMap built from the key/value Pairs produced by the specified Iterable.
Returns a human-readable string for the error encountered in the current exception.
Returns an array of all open connections, and information about each of the servers
Returns true if the specified value is present in the Set, returns false otherwise.
Sets the timeout value on stream, expressed in the sum of seconds and microseconds.
Strict SQL mode - 1366, Incorrect integer value: 'true' for column 'label' at row 1
Supported calendar values are CAL_GREGORIAN, CAL_JULIAN, CAL_JEWISH and CAL_FRENCH.
Suspend the currently executing task and return the next task control block to run.
Test array_diff() with associative arrays containing different data types as values
Test how array_diff_assoc() compares arrays containing different data types as keys
Test how array_diff_assoc() compares indexed arrays containing different data types
Test usage variation of gettype() and settype() functions:  settype() to null type.
Test usage variation of gettype() and settype() functions: settype() to array type.
Test xml_get_current_byte_index with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_uintersect_uassoc with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing fgetcsv() to read from a file when provided with default value of arguments
Testing fseek(),ftell(),rewind() functions on all write and create with write modes
Testing preg_replace_callback() with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing xml_set_default_handler with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing xml_set_element_handler with one less than the expected number of arguments
The filenames are returned in the order in which they are stored by the filesystem.
The first character's position is 0, the second character position is 1, and so on.
The implementation in SplObjectStorage returns the same value as spl_object_hash().
The maximum size of a single object that can be inserted into the database is 16MB.
The mode is also modified by the current umask, which you can change using umask().
The session name can't consist of digits only, at least one letter must be present.
Then, any changes made to those elements will be made in the original array itself.
There was a weird bug in Typing_generic.rename, that was reproduced with this case.
This attempts to push current output all the way to the browser with a few caveats.
This function sets whether or not to use the SOAP error handler in the SOAP server.
This id can be used as a hash key for storing objects or for identifying an object.
This is parsed as the "first following Monday OR the current day if it is a Monday"
This is unlike array_diff() which uses an internal function for comparing the data.
This resource comes from a call to xmlwriter_open_uri() or xmlwriter_open_memory().
This script lists extension-, class- and method names that contain any underscores.
This special type of socket can be used to manually construct any type of protocol.
Using a dummy node, left and right will always be nodes and we avoid special cases.
We can't actually run this function because we don't have a genva implementation...
Will return a string (e.g. for test path) or an array (e.g., for blacklisted tests)
array_push() treats array as a stack, and pushes the passed variables onto the end.
creating object with members as numeric and non-numeric filename and directory name
end() advances array's internal pointer to the last element, and returns its value.
fnmatch() checks if the passed string would match the given shell wildcard pattern.
ftp_fput() uploads the data from a file pointer to a remote file on the FTP server.
imagealphablending() allows for two different modes of drawing on truecolor images.
loop through the strings array to check if htmlspecialchars_decode() is binary safe
note that HTML5 is unique in that it forbids this entity, but allows a literal U+0D
print_r() displays information about a variable in a way that's readable by humans.
socket_read() returns a zero length string ("") when there is no more data to read.
stream_socket_pair() creates a pair of connected, indistinguishable socket streams.
strict This file test the expression dependent type associated with local variables
testing array_fill() by passing different types of array  values for 'val' argument
testing array_fill() by passing different unexpected value for 'start_key' argument
the redirect section allows a set of tests to be reused outside of a given test dir
(2) An XHP name must always be preceded by whitespace if the previous token was ':'.
* protected function __destruct() // Access level to D2::__destruct() must be public
*********************************************************** GroupB echo2DStringArray
@compression_type mixed   One of Phar::GZ or Phar::BZ2, defaults to any compression.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the current iteration is valid, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   TRUE if the parameter is passed in by reference, otherwise FALSE
@return     mixed   The inner iterator as passed to IteratorIterator::__construct().
@return ImagickPixelIterator - Returns an ImagickPixelIterator for an image section.
@return bool - TRUE if the query can properly be prepared and queued on the network.
@return comma separated list of file extensions to use in default autoload function.
@return int - Returns the port number, or FALSE if service or protocol is not found.
@return mixed - Return the number of messages in the current mailbox, as an integer.
@return mixed - Returns a directory handle resource on success, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns an array of associative arrays listing filename information.
@return mixed - This function returns a string or an array with the replaced values.
@return string       Returns the portion of string, or FALSE if needle is not found.
An append item format is a pattern used to append a field if there is no good match.
First we need to set the MYSQLI_STMT_ATTR_UPDATE_MAX_LENGTH attribute in some cases.
For frameworks running in serial, just the framework name will be printed right now.
Gets the full text of the last IMAP error message that occurred on the current page.
If 'sz' is less than or equal to the current capacity of this MapLike, does nothing.
If at least two parameters are provided, min() returns the smallest of these values.
Instructs this Map to grow its capacity to accommodate the given number of elements.
Instructs this Set to grow its capacity to accommodate the given number of elements.
It had to do with variable renaming, and this test doesn't exercise much beyond that
MongoCode objects are composed of two parts: a string of code and an optional scope.
Normally you would use this to make one asynchronous connection to the MySQL client.
Not typing this since we are setting it as a mixed to comply with GitHub issue 2082.
Note that the keys are used in the comparison unlike array_diff() and array_udiff().
Otherwise, str is cut from the first illegal character and an E_NOTICE is generated.
Regression test: newlines in strings used to mess up line numbers in error messages.
Returns a ImmMap containing the specified range of key/value pairs from this ImmMap.
Returns true if the specified key is present in the Vector, returns false otherwise.
Shape field types in dynamically set nested positions are not overwritten, but grow.
Sleep 0.1s - the asynchronous query should have been processed after the wait period
TODO the results look wrong, why do we get 2014 with buffered AND unbuffered queries
TODO: HHVM doesn't support returning from a finally block, which `gen1` was testing.
Test all kinds of scalar values to see which are ints or can be implicitly converted
Test fscanf() to scan different integer values using different interger format types
Test stripos() function with unexpected inputs for 'haystack' and 'needle' arguments
Test strrpos() function with unexpected inputs for 'haystack' and 'needle' arguments
Test that ImmVector behaves properly when mixing namespaced and non-namespaced code.
Test usage variation of gettype() and settype() functions: settype() to object type.
Test usage variation of gettype() and settype() functions: settype() to string type.
Test xml_get_current_line_number with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing fgetcsv() by providing two characters for enclosure and delimiter parameters
The final option MYSQLI_BOTH will create a single array with the attributes of both.
The only way to specify this default value is to leave it out of the parameter list.
The serialization method used is specified in the session.serialize_handler setting.
The soft limit is the value that the kernel enforces for the corresponding resource.
The storage object will never contain more than one object with the same identifier.
The term "Monday December 2008" will be parsed as the first Monday in December 2008.
The time is returned as a Unix timestamp, which is suitable for the date() function.
This class contains exclusively static methods for manipulating database references.
This function allows you to override the current domain for a single message lookup.
This function calculates and returns the bounding box in pixels for a FreeType text.
This function calculates and returns the bounding box in pixels for a TrueType text.
This function is equivalent to calling pcntl_waitpid() with a -1 pid and no options.
This function is similar to `mf()`, but passes element keys to the callable as well.
This function is similar to `mm()`, but passes element keys to the callable as well.
This function is similar to `vf()`, but passes element keys to the callable as well.
This function is similar to `vm()`, but passes element keys to the callable as well.
This function may also be called statically to load and create a DOMDocument object.
This is also useful if a builtin is renamed - a wrapper class/function can be added.
This is an object-oriented alternative to using copy() with the phar stream wrapper.
This is of interest to people concerned about security whose input is from a string.
This is used by some of the static creation methods to bypass unnecessary iteration.
This value must be one of the PDO::FETCH_* constants, defaulting to PDO::FETCH_BOTH.
Use `await` or `join` to get the actual `Vector` of `AsyncMysqlQueryResult` objects.
Used with mysql_multi_query() to check if there are more result sets to be returned.
We need to output something every once in a while - if we go quiet, fbmake kills us.
With PHP 4.2.x this behaviour is different in issuing a warning instead of an error.
array_push() will raise a warning if the first argument is not a suitable container.
before and after any non number so that for example '4.3.2RC1' becomes '4.3.2.RC.1'.
checking currency settings in the new locale to see if the setlocale() was effective
could be that MySQL/libmysql 5.6.9 had the flag already but it was no stable release
dumpit5.php  a command-line script which dumps the given HTML, PHP, ASP, XHTML, etc.
echoMeStringRequest with endpoint NOT header destination, doesn't have to understand
echoMeStructRequest with endpoint NOT header destination, doesn't have to understand
openssl 1.0 prepends the string "Full Name:" to the crlDistributionPoints array key.
proc_terminate() returns immediately and does not wait for the process to terminate.
remove the execute permission from the parent dir and test scandir() on child dir 1.
rewind the file so that for every foreach iteration the file pointer starts from bof
see if internal pointer is in the same position from when accessing this inner array
socket_listen() is applicable only to sockets of type SOCK_STREAM or SOCK_SEQPACKET.
test using unescaped ", embedded (actual) tab, variable substitution, multiple lines
this is different from new DateTimeZone('CET'), which gives a Europe/Berlin timezone
this means there can be up to a .9 millisecond difference which will fail this test.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.reflection.php )  The reflection class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.tostring.php )  To string.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/regexiterator.setflags.php )  Sets the flags.
@args       mixed   The parameters to be passed to the class constructor as an array.
@format     mixed   One of the file format constants available within the Phar class.
@format     mixed   The specified format as described in the sprintf() documentation.
@mode       mixed   Operation mode, see RegexIterator::setMode() for a list of modes.
@return     mixed   Returns the last modified time for the file, in a Unix timestamp.
@return - The `AsyncMysqlRow` representing one specific row in the current row block.
@return - an `ImmVector` containing the integer keys of the current `Pair` as values.
@return array - Returns an array with the key details in success or FALSE in failure.
@return bool - Return TRUE if namespaceURI is the default namespace, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the statement is successfully reset, FALSE on failure.
@return int - Returns the size of the IV, or 0 if the IV is ignored by the algorithm.
@return int - The time that the current xbox thread has been running without a reset.
@return mixed - If encoding is set, then Returns TRUE on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the number of available bytes as a float or FALSE on failure.
@return resource - Returns a packet ID for use in later functions, or FALSE on error.
@return string - Returns a string in which all non-alphanumeric characters except -_.
@return string - Returns the square root as a string, or NULL if operand is negative.
@whence     mixed   whence values are: SEEK_SET - Set position equal to offset bytes.
Absolute paths are assumed to be attempts to load external files from the filesystem.
An array value will be FALSE if the filter fails, or NULL if the variable is not set.
Any whitespace in the format string matches any whitespace in the line from the file.
Benchmark results hold the benchmark and the measured time used to run the benchmark.
Currently it's the minimum required number of zeros If you remove one, it won't crash
Expected output when executed (without hh_show's) C: C C C D: C C D E: MyTr MyTr MyTr
FIX: posix_isatty(STDOUT) was always returning false, even though can print in color.
For example, to insert the name O'reilly into a database, you will need to escape it.
HINFO  cpu: IANA number designating the CPU of the machine referenced by this record.
How the connection is made to the MySQL database is determined by the host parameter.
If desiredmsgtype is greater than 0, then the first message of that type is returned.
If filename is a symbolic link, statistics are from the file itself, not the symlink.
If start denotes a position beyond this truncation, an empty string will be returned.
If the requested component doesn't exist within the given URL, NULL will be returned.
If you do not want to use it you should set it to zeros, but this is not recommended.
Include Circle.inc to get at the Circle class type, which in turn uses the Point type
It only works with the E_USER family of constants, and will default to E_USER_NOTICE.
It will use memory mapping techniques if supported by your OS to enhance performance.
Make sure we raise a type error for the nonexistent method access in the lambda below
Mediawiki and others are clowntown when it comes to autoloading stuff for reflection.
No longer accepts negative integers for accessing elements from the end of the array.
Note that the access time is always modified, regardless of the number of parameters.
Parentheses may be nested, in which case they are counted by the opening parenthesis.
Removing optional field allows omitting it even when fields are only partially known.
Restores a built-in wrapper previously unregistered with stream_wrapper_unregister().
Returns a Map built from the keys and values produced by the specified KeyedIterable.
Returns the floating point remainder of dividing the dividend (x) by the divisor (y).
Returns the numeric position of the last occurrence of needle in the haystack string.
Returns the underlying `AsyncMysqlErrorResult` associated with the current exception.
Shift all kinds of scalar values to see which are ints or can be implicirly converted
Start tracing function calls from this point to the file in the trace_file parameter.
Takes an input array and returns a new array with the order of the elements reversed.
Test Basic Functionality of iconv_substr with ASCII characters and multibyte strings.
Test addslashes() with various strings containing characters thats can be backslashed
Testing the functionality of array_unique() by passing an array having binary values.
Testing uasort() functionality with comparison function having arguments as reference
The appropriate order of function calls is posix_setgid() first, posix_setuid() last.
The image argument is the return from the imagecreate() or imagecreatefrom* function.
The last ID inserted, if one existed, for the query that produced the current result.
The safe_mode_allowed_env_vars directive contains a comma-delimited list of prefixes.
The second DIM (intermediate op) will throw an exception from the error handler here.
The solution is to reference the first element before removing it with array_shift():
There is no standard provision to find out the actual backlog value on this platform.
They can be implemented as module functions, but there won't be many users need them.
This causes the previously undefined variable to now be defined with a value of NULL.
This class can be used to read a YAML file and convert its contents into a PHP array.
This method overwrites the MongoClient constructor and turns off acknowledged writes.
This method should retrieve the session data from storage by the session ID provided.
This statement will not parse in Hack, but we should not raise an error in decl mode.
Timeout error  Code: 13  If there was an error while waiting for a query to complete.
To return the document with the modifications made on the update, use the new option.
Use extension_loaded() to test whether a given extension is already available or not.
Warning: PDOStatement::getColumnMeta() expects parameter 1 to be long, array given in
We have ths pattern: OK (364 tests, 590 assertions) We want the first match of digits
assignment of an array to another variable resets the internal  pointer of the array.
close the dir remove directory and try to open the same(non-existent) directory again
if imap_close was successful test whether CL_EXPUNGE was set by doing a message count
imagepalettecopy() copies the palette from the source image to the destination image.
libmysql and mysqlnd will show the pdo_type entry at a different position in the hash
loop through the various elements of strings array to test strip_tags() functionality
more important to check that all contents are present than order they are returned in
parses the sources and fetches its vars name, type and if they are initialized or not
require Circle.inc to get at the Circle class type, which in turn uses the Point type
strict The test proves that it is safe to allow the 'this' type as a public property.
the first time you run this script you will be asked to  associate it with a program.
we need to differentiate serialized(false) and false returned because of a bad string
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/appenditerator.key.php )  Get the current key.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/filteriterator.key.php )  Get the current key.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflection.export.php )  Exports a reflection.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.tostring.php )  To string.
@note This is an engine internal interface which cannot be implemented in PHP scripts.
@ret        mixed   Setting to TRUE will return the export, as opposed to emitting it.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the heap contains any more nodes, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   Returns an instance of SplFixedArray containing the array content.
@return     mixed   Setting to TRUE will return the export, as opposed to emitting it.
@return IntlDateFormatter - The created IntlDateFormatter or FALSE in case of failure.
@return array - Returns an associative array of server statistics or FALSE on failure.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the extension is successfully loaded, FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns a MIME resource representing the structure, or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - Returns a positive LDAP link identifier on success, or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - Returns a positive semaphore identifier on success, or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - Returns an array of associative or numeric arrays holding result rows.
@return mixed - Returns the current working directory on success, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed- Returns the calling function/method or false if called at the top level
@return string - A comma delimited list of default file extensions for spl_autoload().
@wouldblock mixed   Set to TRUE if the lock would block (EWOULDBLOCK errno condition).
A binary function should work with all 256 characters that a character(8-bit) can take
A long chain of equality constraints is constructed with a stay constraint on one end.
A scheduler can be used to schedule a set of tasks based on their relative priorities.
A task control block manages a task and the queue of work packages associated with it.
Answer a collection of unsatisfied constraints sorted in order of decreasing strength.
Compares the keys from array1 against the keys from array2 and returns the difference.
Count the number of UTF-8 code points in string or byte count if it's not valid UTF-8.
Does some filtering to remove the all the function that we generally don't care about.
Exception test cases with fault funclets and nested FPI regions of various complexity.
Executes an SQL query, returning an SQLite3Result object if the query returns results.
For more information on the session workflow, please refer session_set_save_handler().
Generator has been aborted as a result of an exception that was injected using throw()
Headers and messages are converted and encoded according to the mb_language() setting.
If it could not connect to any of the hosts, it will throw a MongoConnectionException.
If replace_pairs contains a key which is an empty string (""), FALSE will be returned.
If setlocale is global, the pagelet thread will have changed this output line to Dutch
If successful, the method creates a new archive on disk and returns a PharData object.
If the environment variable isn't set, then PHP's bundled magic database will be used.
If the localesList is empty, no restrictions will be placed on the allowed characters.
If there must be multiple autoload functions, spl_autoload_register() allows for this.
If this parameter is negative, then the SQL function may take any number of arguments.
If this part is not set for a recipient, this key will hold the same value as address.
In SQL safe mode, this parameter is ignored and value 'localhost:3306' is always used.
Make sure list() assign still works even though new Vector() produces a dependent type
Notifies the runner that we're done running a single benchmark in the benchmark suite.
PHP 7 used preg_replace_callback here, but we are testing preg_replace_callback_array.
Pass arrays where the keys are different data types to test behaviour of natcasesort()
Please see the Replica Sets section for information on how to connect to Replica Sets.
Resets the directory stream indicated by dir_handle to the beginning of the directory.
Returns a string containing a hexadecimal representation of the given number argument.
Returns the number of errors generated during execution of the previous SQL statement.
Returns the numeric position of the first occurrence of needle in the haystack string.
Returns true if the specified value is present in the ImmSet, returns false otherwise.
Set an element of an array by modifying the data pointer returned by zend_hash_find().
Setting a non-static key in nested shape-like array downgrades it to a map-like array.
Setting a non-static key in nested tuple-like array downgrades it to a vec-like array.
TODO: remove this test after fix and enable the BIT test in pdo_mysql_types.phpt again
Test fscanf() to scan different integer values using different scientific format types
Test intercepts where callsites have already been bound to the pre-intercept function.
Test usage variation of gettype() and settype() functions: settype() to resource type.
Test xml_get_current_column_number with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test xml_set_notation_decl_handler with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing how preg_replace reacts to being passed the wrong type of replacement argument
The lack of alpha component support does not allow an alpha based antialiasing method.
The metadata can be retrieved using debug_backtrace(DEBUG_BACKTRACE_PROVIDE_METADATA).
The original result document is available through MongoResultException::getDocument().
The range is specified by two non-negative integers: a starting position and a length.
The returned crypttext can be larger than the size of the data that was given by data.
The string will be tokenized when any one of the characters in the argument are found.
The value is a bit set, obtained by OR-ing together the constant values in this class.
These parameters are integers between 0 and 255 or hexadecimals between 0x00 and 0xFF.
This allows your script to interoperate with other scripts that run as "co-processes".
This can either be one of the IntlDateFormatter calendar constants or an IntlCalendar.
This function returns an array with the name of the parent classes of the given class.
This function returns an array with the names of the traits that the given class uses.
This is an advanced function and should not be used unless you know what you're doing.
This is particularly useful for counting all the elements of a multidimensional array.
This method automatically sets the iterator mode to SplDoublyLinkedList::IT_MODE_LIFO.
This method is a flexible interface for creating database references (see MongoDBRef).
This parameter can be either a string (a function name) or an array of function names.
To use it, create a SoapClient object with the exceptions option set to zero or FALSE.
Try getting the display_name for different locales with Procedural and Object methods.
Trying to create unique files by passing previously created unique file name as prefix
Unserialization does not check values, so property types do not infer specific values.
Use the function posix_getgrgid() to resolve the group name and a list of its members.
Used with mysql_multi_query() to return a mysql result for the current iterated query.
We cannot patch until we add it to ignore otherwise git thinks it is uncommited change
We don't have a MySQL instance running for our test runs, so Database tests won't work
We have gotten through the prologue and any blank lines and we should be at tests now.
When iterating over a Map, the key/value pairs appear in the order they were inserted.
While the parameters are of type mixed, going to assume they are SplFileInfos for now.
Writable bits are ignored, and set at runtime based on the phar.readonly INI variable.
You can also use the validateOnParse property of DOMDocument to make a DTD validation.
You need to have a valid openssl.cnf installed for this function to operate correctly.
array of files to be tested to check if they are writable using is_writable() function
bindec() converts a binary number to an integer or, if needed for size reasons, float.
call fgetcsv() to parse csv fields use length as less than the actual size of the line
d - the argument is treated as an integer, and presented as a (signed) decimal number.
date_default_timezone_set() sets the default timezone used by all date/time functions.
file_get_contents() is the preferred way to read the contents of a file into a string.
ftp_get() retrieves a remote file from the FTP server, and saves it into a local file.
ftp_nb_fput() uploads the data from a file pointer to a remote file on the FTP server.
hopefully we'll never see a file name that's not covered by this regular expression...
no chance to return int with the current PDO version - we are forced to return strings
stream_type (string) - a label describing the underlying implementation of the stream.
symlink() creates a symbolic link to the existing target with the specified name link.
"frameworks" directory will be created automatically on first git clone of a framework.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.errorexception.php )  An Error Exception.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.soapfault.php )  Represents a SOAP fault.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splheap.insert.php )  Insert value in the heap.
@filter     mixed   Filter the results to include only methods with certain attributes.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the queue contains any more nodes, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if function_name exists and is a function, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the filename exists and is a directory, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - Returns TRUE upon successful creation of the function, FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - A case folded version of string converted in the way specified by mode.
@return mixed - Returns a stream to the accepted socket connection or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - The number of times the needle substring occurs in the haystack string.
@return mixed - The return value of this function on success depends on the fetch type.
A simple implementation of lossless compression and decompression using Huffman coding.
Accessing fields/passing shapes to functions doesn't change the "known fields" property
Anyway, the typehint is currently only for optimization purposes at this point in time.
Appending to a vector-like array makes it unsafe to return it as original generic type.
Autoloader using a map file (gtClassMap.php) defining the file to load each class from.
By default RAND_MAX is 32768 although no constant is defined for it for user space apps
Create directories with different permissions to test whether scandir() can access them
Depending on the session handler, not all characters are allowed within the session id.
Determines if the specified code point is a whitespace character according to Java/ICU.
Each document in the files collection contains the filename, upload date, and md5 hash.
For details on the Snappy compression algorithm go to http://code.google.com/p/snappy/.
However these files still can be included if they are located in safe_mode_include_dir.
If 'sz' is less than or equal to the current capacity of this VectorLike, does nothing.
If abbr doesn't exist then the time zone is searched solely by the gmtOffset and isdst.
If it is omitted, this function checks all the input from the beginning of the request.
If not provided, default to the sysvshm.init_mem in the php.ini, otherwise 10000 bytes.
If the directory handle is not specified, the last link opened by opendir() is assumed.
If the framework does not exist in your local repo, it gets downloaded to your dev box.
If the limit parameter is negative, all components except the last -limit are returned.
If this parameter is negative, then the SQL aggregate may take any number of arguments.
If true and if the server doesn't support pagination, the search will return no result.
If we already read the response during an earlier call for different id, just return it
If you have a direct query that requires no placeholders, then you can use this method.
In a query result, the sum total of all the row blocks is the full result of the query.
Instructs this Vector to grow its capacity to accommodate the given number of elements.
It is possible that exif_thumbnail() cannot create an image but can determine its size.
It outputs a warning if the offset plus the length is greater than the haystack length.
It will remove any corrupt data and compact and large stretches of free space it finds.
It's more accurate than soundex() as it knows the basic rules of English pronunciation.
Must be between zero and the total number of rows minus one (0..mysqli_num_rows() - 1).
Never check for a specific error message text, but always use an error number to check.
Non-zero is returned if auto-commit is on, 0 if it is off, or FALSE if an error occurs.
Not all drivers support this option, and it's meaning may differ from driver to driver.
Now that we have an install, we can safely set all possible other framework information
Only formats available: type, key, value, memsize, ttl throws notice on different flags
Only upon calling Redis::exec() is the transaction committed, and the results returned.
Other levels, such as TCP, can be used by specifying the protocol number of that level.
PDO::ATTR_STATEMENT_CLASS: Set user-supplied statement class derived from PDOStatement.
Pass an array with different data types as keys to usort() to test how it is re-ordered
Pass arrays with different data types as keys to test how array_shift() re-assigns keys
Patched a self-signed certificate to include validity timestamps starting with nul byte
Programs store and operate on numbers using a locale-independent binary representation.
Prototype  : resource finfo_close(resource finfo) Description: Close fileinfo resource.
Returns a color identifier representing the color composed of the given RGB components.
Returns a string that has been properly escaped for safe inclusion in an SQL statement.
Returns true if the specified key is present in the ImmVector, returns false otherwise.
SOMAXCONN may be passed as backlog parameter, see socket_listen() for more information.
Seeds the random number generator with seed or with a random value if no seed is given.
Seems that not all MySQL 6.0 installations use defaults that ignore the display widths.
Several of the above functions can affect the variable environment of the their caller.
Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions: public DateTime DateTime::modify()
Source:        ext/curl/interface.c Documentation: http://wiki.php.net/qa/temp/ext/curl
Test functionality of rsort() with objects where properties have different visibilities
Test inference handles things which have side effects that could change property types.
Test with sigle "form encoding" Note: For some reason it complains, results are differ.
Test xml_set_character_data_handler with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when delimiter and enclosure are of two chars each
The Memcached::getResultCode will return Memcached::RES_END if result set is exhausted.
This code may be passed to socket_strerror() to get a textual explanation of the error.
This function is specific to sockets and cannot be used on any other type of resources.
This function is useful to check if the SOAP call failed, but without using exceptions.
This test relies on someexception having a lower litstr id to reproduce a specific bug.
To determine if there is more data to be read, use feof() instead of reading this item.
To get the output of the executed command, be sure to set and use the output parameter.
Use a largeish timeout in CLI mode, so we can wait for hh_server startup if we need to.
When this resource is garbage collected, the curl handle will be saved for reuse later.
Write a string produced according to format to the stream resource specified by handle.
You can pass this constructor an `array` of options to tweak the behavior of your pool.
You cannot use a named parameter marker of the same name twice in a prepared statement.
`AsyncMysqlConnectionPool` provides more flexibility with other available options, etc.
`fun` is a special function used to create a "pointer" to a function in a typeable way.
buf is passed by reference, so it must be specified as a variable in the argument list.
imagecreate() returns an image identifier representing a blank image of specified size.
loop through each element of the array for start_key  check the working of array_fill()
mode can be MYSQLI_CURSOR_TYPE_NO_CURSOR (the default) or MYSQLI_CURSOR_TYPE_READ_ONLY.
openssl_seal() seals (encrypts) data by using RC4 with a randomly generated secret key.
test rename() by trying to rename an existing file/dir to the same name and one another
this fails because the manifest length does not include the other 10 byte manifest data
this will always return null, but it's safe from type checking perspective, so no error
u - the argument is treated as an integer, and presented as an unsigned decimal number.
unset and dump the array containing all the resources to see that unset works correctly
will print NULL (which is ok, but execution should never get here if the value is NULL)
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayaccess.offsetunset.php )  Unsets an offset.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getgroup.php )  Gets the file group.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getowner.php )  Gets the file owner.
@allowable_tags mixed   Optional parameter to specify tags which should not be stripped.
@return     int   The ending line number of the user defined class, or FALSE if unknown.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the filename exists and is executable, or FALSE on error.
@return bool - Returns TRUE upon successful creation of the aggregate, FALSE on failure.
@return int - Returns the numeric position of the last occurrence of needle in haystack.
@return mixed - Returns an associative array of elements for each limit that is defined.
@return mixed - Returns one of the character encodings supported by the mbstring module.
@return mixed - Returns the current value of key's value on success, or FALSE on failure
@return mixed - Returns the key for needle if it is found in the array, FALSE otherwise.
@return mixed - Returns the shifted value, or NULL if array is empty or is not an array.
@return mixed - Returns the values of array1 whose values exist in all of the arguments.
@return mixed - socket_create() returns a socket resource on success, or FALSE on error.
@return resource - (Procedural style only) Returns a magic database resource on success.
@return string  Description of an error occurred in the last Collator API function call.
@var integer Special flags, see RegexIterator::setFlags() for a list of available flags.
Adds the specified value to the end of this Vector using the next available integer key.
Adjusts the field types (width and subtype) of a pattern to match what is in a skeleton.
An alternate padding character can be specified by prefixing it with a single quote (').
An idle task doesn't do any work itself but cycles control between the two device tasks.
Assertions should not be used for normal runtime operations like input parameter checks.
Both on order of scans and also whether things are in CPP or PHP (based on mode of test)
But, for now, you can use this class for asynchronous connection(s) to a MySQL database.
By default, the returned document does not include the modifications made on the update.
Calling crc32() with all possible arguments checking for the return type of the function
Cause errors (like division by zero) to raise an exception instead of emitting warnings.
Creates and returns a socket resource, also referred to as an endpoint of communication.
Defaults to -1 which means that first found time zone corresponding to abbr is returned.
Determines if the specified character is permissible in an identifier according to Java.
Emit array of labels of opcode handlers and code for zend_opcode_handlers initialization
Enable use of Spyc from command line The syntax is the following: php Spyc.php spyc.yaml
Entity errors are reported at the end of the data thus only if is_final is set and TRUE.
Extra space, unrecognized tokens, or invalid values  ("February 30th") are not accepted.
Figure out the algorithm the implementations use for negative and too-large shift counts
If the collator was instantiated from rules or an error occurred, returns boolean FALSE.
If we haven't helper with specified spicialized operands then using unspecialized helper
If y is non-zero, r has the same sign as x and a magnitude less than the magnitude of y.
If you require all HTML character entities to be translated, use htmlentities() instead.
If you want full configurability, call typecheck() and use the TypecheckResult yourself.
If you would rather have an exception thrown when a key is not present, then use `at()`.
Initiates a stream or datagram connection to the destination specified by remote_socket.
Note that for socket streams this member can be TRUE even when unread_bytes is non-zero.
On error, returns FALSE and sets errno which can be checked with posix_get_last_error().
Once you have your pool constructed, you use this method to connect to the MySQL client.
Pass a multipart message to imap_fetch_overview() to test the contents of returned array
Returns a ImmMap built from the keys and values produced by the specified KeyedIterable.
Returns an immutable vector (`ImmVector`) containing the elements of the current `Pair`.
Returns the inverse hyperbolic sine of arg, i.e. the value whose hyperbolic sine is arg.
Set the list of function arguments to be one less that the number of mandatory arguments
Similar to reading entries, attributes are also read one by one from a particular entry.
So, if that is the case, use this script to mark any files as binary that are not ASCII.
TODO: doesn't pass on ICU 3.6 because 'ru' and 'uk' locales changed currency formatting.
TODO: figure out better way to signal "specialized and not defined" than an extra lookup
Test fscanf() to scan different integer values using different unsigned int format types
Test stripslashes() with various strings containing characters thats can be backslashed.
Testing array_walk_recursive() by passing more number of parameters to callback function
Testing strspn() : with different strings as str argument and default start and len args
Testing strspn() : with heredoc string, varying mask and default start and len arguments
Testing the behavior of array_intersect() by passing different arrays for the arguments.
The benchmark score is computed later once a full benchmark suite has run to completion.
The date time format is a message format pattern used to compose date and time patterns.
The default value is OPENSSL_KEYTYPE_RSA which is currently the only supported key type.
The file is automatically removed when closed (using fclose()), or when the script ends.
The named file must contain a PEM encoded certificate/private key (it may contain both).
The passthru() function is similar to the exec() function in that it executes a command.
The system error message associated with the errno may be checked with posix_strerror().
This function fetch all the descendant elements with a given localName and namespaceURI.
This function returns the number of deleted records plus the number of inserted records.
This function stops collecting information, the information in memory will be destroyed.
This interface represents a known entity, either parsed or unparsed, in an XML document.
This is useful if you would like to write programs working only on some versions of PHP.
This test verifies that we are doing the trivial strict equality test at the right point
This will only happen if your uname() library call either doesn't exist or doesn't work.
Try getting the display_region for different locales with Procedural and Object methods.
Try getting the display_script for different locales with Procedural and Object methods.
Use bitshifting and masking to access the distinct red, green and blue component values:
Verify that the stream constants have been registered correctly by checking some of them
WUNTRACED Return for children which are stopped, and whose status has not been reported.
WUNTRACED return for children which are stopped, and whose status has not been reported.
You can also read more about modes on Unix systems with 'man 1 chmod' and 'man 2 chmod'.
Zend doesn't understand 'string' and 'int' typehints, and will only allow NULL defaults.
cal_from_jd() converts the Julian day given in jd into a date of the specified calendar.
call fgetcsv() to parse csv fields use the right delimiter and enclosure with max length
couldn't find a response  Code: 9  If the response was cached and now cannot be located.
hphpc won't call the autoloader unless there exists a definition for the class somewhere
if we're doing web testing, then we wont be able to set ini setting on the command line.
imap_body() returns the body of the message, numbered msg_number in the current mailbox.
lets hope we always run this in the same second as we did run the server info request...
loop to check that is_string() recognizes different  strings, expected output bool(true)
lstat() is identical to stat() except it would instead be based off the symlinks status.
openssl_x509_export() stores x509 into a string named by output in a PEM encoded format.
test all transitions when PHP_INT_MIN is supplied and an end before the first transition
testing asort() by providing integer/string object arrays with following flag values  1.
the used file is actually irrelevant, so just use this file even though it's not an .ini
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/appenditerator.append.php )  Appends an iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/norewinditerator.key.php )  Gets the current key.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.getclass.php )  Gets a class.
@flags      mixed   Flags may be provided which will affect the behavior of some methods.
@return     mixed   Returns the filename of the file in which the class has been defined.
@return     mixed   TRUE if the file is compressed within the Phar archive, FALSE if not.
@return - A `float` representing the average for an event to happen on this MySQL client.
@return array - Returns an array with the key sizes supported by the specified algorithm.
@return bool - Returns TRUE on successful clearing of bound parameters, FALSE on failure.
@return int - Returns the numeric position of the first occurrence of needle in haystack.
@return mixed - Returns a new instance of class DOMElement or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return mixed - Returns a positive key resource identifier on success, or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - The filename returned by xdebug_get_tracefile_name() or false on failure.
@return string - Description of an error occurred in the last Collator API function call.
@return string - Returns the data read, empty string on end of a file, or FALSE on error.
@return string - Returns the portion of str specified by the start and length parameters.
@storage    mixed   The storage containing the elements to retain in the current storage.
Additionally, one or more flags can be specified to modify the behaviour of the function.
All iterators share a token that becomes invalidated the minute the container is mutated.
Alternatively, the static function IntlDateFormatter::formatObject() may be used instead.
Arbitrary - must not be UTC, and better if it's not where you are, or where tests are run
Calling this function will implicitly start output buffering if it is not active already.
Check that the translator correctly adapts to callsites with variable argument reffiness.
Each PHPUnit process gets its' own tempdir to avoid race conditions between multiple runs
Ensures that this Set contains only values for which the specified callback returns true.
Exact errors are in italics, errors where the message can vary are described in obliques.
Get the names of function arguments and initialise mandatory and optional argument arrays
However, there are some formatting codes that are missing such as Perl's "u" format code.
If NULL is provided, any previously registered class extending baseclass will be removed.
If options is used, this function will return a string if not all elements are requested.
If the arguments are invalid, the function returns FALSE (before PHP 5.1 it returned -1).
If the number is greater than maximal int value, mysqli_insert_id() will return a string.
If the property is static this parameter is left out and only value needs to be provided.
If this occurs, the server will indicate that it has only returned a partial results set.
If you open a cursor for a prepared statement, mysqli_stmt_store_result() is unnecessary.
In 5.3.99 the warning will always be thrown, independent of the mysql.trace_mode setting.
In PHP 5, the second argument of str_repeat becomes null, which is then cast into an int.
In fact, there is discussion about deprecating the `AsyncMysqlClient` class all together.
In passive mode, data connections are initiated by the client, rather than by the server.
It's illegal to call next() while the previously returned Awaitable has not finished yet.
Jenkins updates the results using `arc call-conduit differential.updateunitresults` call.
MYSQLI_SERVER_PUBLIC_KEY  RSA public key file used with the SHA-256 based authentication.
Make sure that we don't attempt to set the current character set to make this case useful
Negative values will stop searching at an arbitrary point prior to the end of the string.
No more constraints - mysqlnd and libmysql return different strings at least with mysqli.
Pass array_merge() arrays with mixed keys to test how it attaches them to existing arrays
Please note that before this method is called SessionHandlerInterface::open() is invoked.
Read/write them while implicitly mutating them through the temporary object's destructor.
Returns a string containing the version of the currently running PHP parser or extension.
See also posix_getpwuid() for information on how to convert this into a useable username.
Sets the string which will be used to indent each element/attribute of the resulting xml.
Static and instance array using class constants with self (constants should be inherited)
Test a change in flags, there's only one class constant so it has to be another int value
Test how the internal pointer is affected when two variables are referenced to each other
Test that mb_strrpos offset is byte count for negative values (should be character count)
Test usage variation of gettype() and settype() functions: settype() to int/integer type.
Testing fgetcsv() by reading from a file when the file pointer is pointing to end of file
Testing how preg_replace_callback reacts to being passed the wrong type of regex argument
Testing strcspn() : with different strings as str argument and default start and len args
Testing strcspn() : with heredoc string, varying mask and default start and len arguments
Testing xml_set_notation_decl_handler with one less than the expected number of arguments
Tests a case where we are passing more args than a function takes to its reffiness guard.
The actual connect happens with the next calls to ldap_* funcs, usually with ldap_bind().
The default priority is 0 while a lower numerical value causes more favorable scheduling.
The xbox thread would reset when this amount of time has passed since the previous reset.
This essentially means if you specify a key other than 0 or 1, you will get an exception.
This file will be opened from the filesystem and its contents written to standard output.
This function takes the node node of class SimpleXML and makes it into a DOMElement node.
This function will sort an array by its values using a user-supplied comparison function.
This is a small test case for handling comparisons on null SSATmps that aren't isConst().
This is an HHVM only function that gets the raw text associated with a default parameter.
This is because Zend is more liberal about passing in the current instance to the callee.
This name can then be used with admin commands to retrieve stats while server is running.
To apply to more than one channel, combine channeltype constants using bitwise operators.
Try getting the default Locale with different locales with Procedural and Object methods.
Try getting the display_variant for different locales with Procedural and Object methods.
Try getting the prmary language for different locales with Procedural and Object methods.
Try setting the default Locale with different locales with Procedural and Object methods.
Tuple-like arrays can be used with list(...) statement - usage that should report errors.
Using named constants is strongly encouraged to ensure compatibility for future versions.
Variation 6 : Change permission of directory and try creating links inside that directory
When we invoke setFoo(), this::TFoo will be resolved to static::TFoo, so no error occurs.
XML_OPTION_SKIP_WHITE integer Whether to skip values consisting of whitespace characters.
address The email address is_group TRUE if the recipient is a newsgroup, FALSE otherwise.
array of files checked to see if they are executable files using is_executable() function
dump it remove the execute permisson from parent dir, allowing all permission for sub dir
forcefully interpret an UTF-8 encoded string as EUC-JP and then convert it back to UTF-8.
ftp_nb_get() retrieves a remote file from the FTP server, and saves it into a local file.
hphpc won't call the autoloader unless there exists a  definition for the class somewhere
ignore INSERT error, NOTE: command line returns 0, affected_rows returns -1 as documented
loop through each element of the array for heredoc strings, mask strings and start values
loop to check that is_object() recognizes different  objects, expected output: bool(true)
socket_recvfrom() can be used to gather data from both connected and unconnected sockets.
substr_compare() compares main_str from position offset with str up to length characters.
testing arsort() by providing integer/string object arrays with following flag values  1.
try fgetc on files which are opened in non readable modes w, wb, wt, a, ab, at, x, xb, xt
try fgets on files which are opened in non readable modes w, wb, wt, a, ab, at, x, xb, xt
use check_iscallable_objects() to check whether given object/string has valid method name
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splheap.compare.php )  Compare value1 with value2.
*********************************************************** GroupB echoSimpleTypesAsStruct
- Run a single test suite, all of the test suites or a custom set of multiple test suites.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the array contains any more elements, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the object exists in the storage, and FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the parameter can be passed by value, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the filename exists and is a regular file, FALSE otherwise.
@return int - Returns the errno (error number) set by the last posix function that failed.
@return mixed - Returns a string containing the previously defined error handler (if any).
@return mixed - Returns the value of the constant, or NULL if the constant is not defined.
@return mixed - This is a fb specific query so behaviour is a little random at the moment.
@return mixed - pcntl_getpriority() returns the priority of the process or FALSE on error.
@return object - Returns a SimpleXMLElement element, whether the node has children or not.
@return resource - Returns a directory entry resource for later use with the zip_entry_...
@return string - Returns the portion of str specified by the offset and length parameters.
A stream resource representing a real file descriptor (e.g. opened file, a socket, STDIN).
Add a default timezone, because Symfony requires a default timezone in the default php.ini
An immutable ordered collection where values are keyed using integers 0 thru n-1 in order.
Behaves the same as strftime() except that the time returned is Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).
Block on one or more asynchronous operations, or until the specified timeout has occurred.
Contains the information about results for query statements that ran before a MySQL error.
Defaults as a double quotation mark or the value set using SplFileObject::setCsvControl().
First adding slashes using addslashes() and then removing the slashes using stripslashes()
For instance, in the default "C" locale characters such as umlaut-a will not be converted.
Generate a signature based on the final HTTP method, URL and a string/array of parameters.
Get the index of the color which has the hue, white and blackness nearest the given color.
High efficiency and low overhead make it a great form of IPC (Interprocess Communication).
If locale is "0", the locale setting is not affected, only the current setting is returned
If set to TRUE, details of errors in a SoapServer application will be sent to the clients.
If size is greater than the current array size, the array will be padded with NULL values.
If the first and only parameter is an array, min() returns the lowest value in that array.
If the optional search_value is specified, then only the keys for that value are returned.
If you specified a username and password, you may specify a database to authenticate with.
In fact, sometimes the standard DES-based algorithm is replaced by an MD5-based algorithm.
It's a constant and can take the following values: MYSQL_ASSOC, MYSQL_NUM, and MYSQL_BOTH.
Items from this parameter are returned unmodified as the result set of actionable entries.
MongoTimestamp is 4 bytes of timestamp (seconds since the epoch) and 4 bytes of increment.
Remember, that shared memory still exist in the Unix system and the data is still present.
Return FALSE if it does not understand the search criteria or no messages have been found.
Returns a string with backslashes before characters that are listed in charlist parameter.
Returns an alternative, normalized version of the error message provided by mysql_error().
Running JavaScript in the database takes a write lock, meaning it blocks other operations.
See the query section of this manual for information on distributing reads to secondaries.
Serialize data into a compact format that can be unserialized by fb_compact_unserialize().
Should catch these undefined methods here, but task 333319 is blocking their being caught.
Since PHP does not provide raw POST/COOKIE data, it can only be used for GET data for now.
So found and used a sorted iterator class and sorted by the full path including file name.
Test AKempty promotion affecting an array inside a collection with intermediate assignment
Test AKempty promotion if assignment happens inside an expression, not on statement level.
Test copy(): Trying to create a copy of file in a dir which doesn't have write permissions
Test strrchr() function: with unexpected inputs for needle  and expected type for haystack
Test that iterators for Vector and Map remain valid if an existing element is overwritten.
Test usage variation of gettype() and settype() functions: settype() to bool/boolean type.
Test usage variation of gettype() and settype() functions: settype() to float/double type.
Testing xml_set_character_data_handler with one less than the expected number of arguments
Tests that call ezc_set_error_reporting to manipulate EG(error_reporting) in lval context.
That means it returns the next array value and advances the internal array pointer by one.
The database sends responses in batches of documents, up to 4MB of documents per response.
The largest number that can be converted is 4294967295 in decimal resulting to "ffffffff".
The socket resource returned by socket_accept() may not be used to accept new connections.
The standard DES-based crypt() returns the salt as the first two characters of the output.
The string after the last space in actual_test_command is the file that is run in phpunit.
The timeout is an upper bound on the amount of time elapsed before socket_select() return.
There are a number of possible error messages to help you diagnose the connection problem.
There is a list of predefined classes in the Predefined Classes section of the appendices.
Therefore, TCP applications must allow for the possibility of partial record transmission.
These are not in our custom ini file for this test, but should be bound to a default value
This code may be passed to socket_strerror() to get a textual representation of the error.
This function is especially useful for filenames, but may also be used on regular strings.
This function returns a string with whitespace stripped from the beginning and end of str.
This is only applicable when running a sharded MongoDB cluster and connecting to a mongos.
This may be useful to detect within a part of the application if an error occurred or not.
This method is executed when using isset() or empty() on objects implementing ArrayAccess.
This will trigger a call to getChildren() which returns the iterator for that sub element.
Try getting the display_language for different locales with Procedural and Object methods.
Typically, these expressions will be used to query the database and find matching strings.
Unicode Security and Spoofing Detection http://icu-project.org/apiref/icu4c/uspoof_8h.html
Use PHP's maximum integer value as array key then try and push new elements onto the array
Warning  This function returns FALSE for files inaccessible due to safe mode restrictions.
`Pair` is a fixed-size collection with exactly two elements (possibly of different types).
a warning must be issued if we don't use a IV on a AES cipher, that usually requires an IV
blank line close the file if the mode to be used is read mode  and re-open using read mode
check that imap_close was successful, if not call imap_close and explicitly set CL_EXPUNGE
checking if the var is empty, expected: bool(false) on most except "", 0, "0", NULL, FALSE
create soft/hard link to  the file  and check linkinfo() and is_link() on the link created
definitely a prime gmp_random -- not implemented gmp_scan0 "0" bit is found at position 3.
gmmktime() internally uses mktime() so only times valid in derived local time can be used.
looping to test array_rand() function with different arrays having different types of keys
mb_strripos() performs multi-byte safe strripos() operation based on number of characters.
no documents given  Code: 6 You're attempting to batch insert an empty array of documents.
openssl_free_key() frees the key associated with the specified key_identifier from memory.
openssl_public_encrypt() encrypts data with public key and stores the result into crypted.
os: IANA number designating the Operating System on the machine referenced by this record.
portability-wise, you may only bindColumn()s after execute() has been called at least once
we compare the results of fgets using differing line lengths to  test the fgets layer also
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.setflags.php )  Sets behaviour flags.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.getmetadata.php )  Retrieve archive meta-data.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.getsupportedcompression.php )   No parameters.
5) Counting  - interface Countable allows to hook into the standard array function count().
@return     mixed   Returns an indexed array containing the fields read, or FALSE on error.
@return - an `ImmVector` containing the values after a user-specified condition is applied.
@return - an `ImmVector` containing the values after a user-specified operation is applied.
@return array localtime compatible array of integers  - uses 24 hour clock in tm_hour field
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the filename exists and is a symbolic link, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - The function returns TRUE if the self test succeeds, or FALSE when it fails.
@return mixed - Returns an associative array containing unpacked elements of binary string.
@return mixed - Returns the deserialized value which can be a string, a number or an array.
@return mixed - Returns the profile information filename or false if profiling is disabled.
@return mixed - The character encoding before conversion for success, or FALSE for failure.
@return string - Returns a valid regular expression which will match string, ignoring case.
@type       mixed   One of INPUT_GET, INPUT_POST, INPUT_COOKIE, INPUT_SERVER, or INPUT_ENV.
Alternatively, the sslChecks member can be set to a non-FALSE value to turn SSL checks off.
As soon as HHVM is changed to "normal" Zend behavior, these tests need to be edited/removed
Check that we correctly handle static method lookups on abstract types constrained by Tvars
Converts the character encoding of string str to to_encoding from optionally from_encoding.
Count the number of UTF-8 code points in string, substituting U+FFFD for invalid sequences.
FNM_PERIOD Leading period in string must be exactly matched by period in the given pattern.
For a complete list of other status variables, you have to use the SHOW STATUS SQL command.
If locale is "0", the locale setting is not affected, only the current setting is returned.
If the first and only parameter is an array, max() returns the highest value in that array.
If the number of rows is greater than PHP_INT_MAX, the number will be returned as a string.
If the skeleton contains fractional seconds, then this is used with the fractional seconds.
If there are no slashes in path, a dot ('.') is returned, indicating the current directory.
It's configured using the ReflectionProperty constants, and defaults to all property types.
Last time a successful activity was made in the current connection, in seconds since epoch.
Maps do not support iterating while new keys are being added or elements are being removed.
Note that the "dn" is always returned irrespective of which attributes types are requested.
Pass arrays with different data types as keys to array_change_key_case() to test conversion
Passing different anonymous callback functions with passed by value and reference arguments
Performs the search for a specified filter on the directory with the scope LDAP_SCOPE_BASE.
Returns part of haystack string from the first occurrence of needle to the end of haystack.
Returns the length of the first group of consecutive characters from mask found in subject.
Returns whether the (php) file could be included (eg if its been compiled into the binary).
Sends an ALLO command to the remote FTP server to allocate space for a file to be uploaded.
Should only be needed when request parameters are being manipulated, such as in unit tests.
TCP guarantees that all data packets will be received in the order in which they were sent.
Test copy(): Trying to copy the file to a destination, where destination is an existing dir
Test strrchr() function with unexpected inputs for haystack  and expected type for 'needle'
Test this by making sure that we don't constant propagate from values in object properties.
Test xml_set_end_namespace_decl_handler with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing the behavior of dir() function by trying to open a directory which is already open.
The Memcached::getResultCode will return Memcached::RES_NOTFOUND if the key does not exist.
The cachedump command ties up the server and is strictly to be used for debugging purposes.
The client should continue iterating through results until MongoCursor::hasNext() is FALSE.
The colors parameters are integers between 0 and 255 or hexadecimals between 0x00 and 0xFF.
The stream_select() function accepts arrays of streams and waits for them to change status.
Then you will be able to use the async `AsyncMysqlConnection` methods like `queryf()`, etc.
This doesn't work for windows, time, atime usage results in very different output to linux.
This error handler swallows typehint errors, which is disallowed in RepoAuthoritative mode.
This function allows you to override the current domain for a single plural message lookup.
This function is the same as `v()`, but wraps the results into `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`s.
This function returns the value for the requested option from the specified FTP connection.
Typically all the memory allocated for the LDAP result gets freed at the end of the script.
Use both in case composer.json has been changed, but the lock file hasn't been updated yet.
We don't currently do a good job inferring the types of member variables defined in traits.
We're expecting a response for the break command, and the command before the break command.
While not required, you can pass a `MySSLContextProvider` to `AsyncMysqlClient::connect()`.
assert() will check the given assertion and take appropriate action if its result is FALSE.
couldn't get response header  Code: 4  A common error if the database or network goes down.
directory dir_variation91 with one sub-directory sub_dir11 and sub-sub-directory sub_dir111
e.g. "hostname:port" or a path to a local socket e.g. ":/path/to/socket" for the localhost.
if set, copy phpt files into this directory, which should be accessible via an http server.
loop to check that is_bool() recognizes different  bool values, expected output: bool(true)
loop to check that is_null() recognizes different  null values, expected output: bool(true)
read the line which is without csv fields, provide delimiter and see the working of fgetcsv
root privileges are required to raise the msg_qbytes values above the system defined limit.
set the error handler, this is required as settype() would fail with catachable fatal error
strlen currently does it's own hand-rolled type-checking because we emit a bytecode for it.
this file may be duplicated to provide testing for multiple php binaries or configurations.
weight: Ranking to weight which of commonly prioritized targets should be chosen at random.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.asort.php )  Sorts an array by values.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.getflags.php )  Get the current flags.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.seekableiterator.php )  The Seekable iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/exception.construct.php )  Constructs the Exception.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/exception.getcode.php )  Returns the Exception code.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/iterator.current.php )  Returns the current element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionobject.export.php )  Exports a reflection.
(Attributes are case-insensitive for directory servers, but not when used as array indices.)
0 wait for any child process whose process group ID is equal to that of the calling process.
@return - an integer-keyed KeyedIterable representing the lazy view into the current `Pair`.
@return bool - This function returns FALSE if wrong error_type is specified, TRUE otherwise.
@return float - Returns the distortion metric used on the image (or the best guess thereof).
@return mixed - Returns the number of recent messages in the current mailbox, as an integer.
@return resource - Returns a resource identifier for the pkey on success, or FALSE on error.
@return string - Pattern string that is used by the formatter, or FALSE if an error happens.
@return string - Returns an English string describing the most recent failed SQLite request.
@since PHP 5.1  Normally this means there was an arithmetic error other than under/overflow.
Add code snippets here Call them from MeasureBasicOps.php to collect relative CPU time stats
An additional grant of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.
Another wrapper function, this one should be used any time a particular test passes or fails
Apparently, all iterators that store other iterators are forced to do this layer of caching.
Append a copy of a value to the end of the Vector, assigning the next available integer key.
By using MYSQL_BOTH (default), you'll get an array with both associative and number indices.
Displaying various variable through the array captured by the get_defined_vars function call
Flushes the write buffers of PHP and whatever backend PHP is using (CGI, a web server, etc).
Here two different outputs, which depends on the rounding value before converting to string.
Identical to the date() function except that the time returned is Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).
If encoding is omitted, mb_http_output() returns the current HTTP output character encoding.
If not, thumbs down because there was a difference between what we ran and what we expected.
If successful the sealed data is returned in sealed_data, and the envelope keys in env_keys.
If the link identifier is not specified, the last link opened by mysql_connect() is assumed.
If you want to see if a variable exists, use isset() as defined() only applies to constants.
It advances the internal array pointer one place forward before returning the element value.
It can be one of the following: LDAP_DEREF_NEVER - (default) aliases are never dereferenced.
It was created as a simpler approach for appending an XML DocumentFragment in a DOMDocument.
Limit the server to 1 thread only to ensure that both requests are served by the same thread
NB: The strings passed are *NOT* necessarily encoded in the encoding passed to the function.
Note that you must also call MongoLog::setModule() to choose what part of the driver to log.
One component can be computed by adding up the needed permissions for that target user base.
Pass arrays of different data types to test how array_merge adds them onto an existing array
Pass incorrect number of arguments and an unknown function to test which error is generated.
Permission denied  This means that the socket could not be opened due to permissions issues.
Post test information are error/failure information and the final passing stats for the test
Retrieve a comma-separated list of paths to any additionally loaded ini files after php.ini.
Returns a Set of all the values from this Set for which the specified callback returns true.
Returns an `ImmVector` containing the values after the `n`-th element of the current `Pair`.
Returns the amount of memory, in bytes, that's currently being allocated to your PHP script.
Returns the decimal equivalent of the octal number represented by the octal_string argument.
Returns the inverse hyperbolic cosine of arg, i.e. the value whose hyperbolic cosine is arg.
So for example, both "MMM-dd" and "d/MMM" produce the skeleton "MMMd" (notice the single d).
Start with a default map of values for the pattern to make the parsing for the math simpler.
Test what happens when you override a non-memoized method with a memoized one and visa-versa
Test xml_set_external_entity_ref_handler with one more than the expected number of arguments
The PHP IntlBreakIterator serves as the the base class for all types of ICU break iterators.
The name will only be effective for the upcoming I/O and it will be reset immediately after.
The object has the following properties: messages, recent, unseen, uidnext, and uidvalidity.
The pcntl_signal() function installs a new signal handler for the signal indicated by signo.
The permission of the newly created FIFO also depends on the setting of the current umask().
The sender is assumed to have marked the inputs of the given constraint with the given mark.
The subclass value '000' in any class indicates that there is no subclass for that SQLSTATE.
These constants define formatter/parser argument type - integer, floating point or currency.
These values are used for mb_ereg_search(), mb_ereg_search_pos(), and mb_ereg_search_regs().
This class can be used to create lightweight links between objects in different collections.
This function can be used to see which parts of the driver's functionality are being logged.
This function can be used to set which parts of the driver's functionality should be logged.
This method checks if the database has more batches or if the result set has been exhausted.
This test illustrates the danger with instantiating a non-covariant type variable with this.
This value must be one of the PDO::FETCH_ORI_* constants, defaulting to PDO::FETCH_ORI_NEXT.
This will trigger an error since it is not ReflectionParameter or ReflectionFunctionAbstract
Typechecker should complain about a type mismatch between the typehint and the default value
Valgrind expectedly complains about this: "sigprocmask: unknown 'how' field 2147483647" Skip
Warning  In PHP 4.0.6 and earlier pow() always returned a float, and did not issue warnings.
We do some consolidation here because the behavior when testing is really non-deterministic.
When a debugger is running, this line of code will break into debugger, if condition is met.
When the call returns, this may point to the first byte position past the end of the string.
allow T2a::f to also be seen through alias h don't need qualifier prefix if f is unambiguous
expected: bool(true) dump the resource to see using isset() and empty () had no effect on it
loop through each element of the array for 'val' argument  check the working of array_fill()
mysqli_change_user() is automatically called on connections opened from the connection pool.
offsetSet is used for modifying an existing file, or adding a new file to a tar/zip archive.
openssl_private_encrypt() encrypts data with private key and stores the result into crypted.
printing the input array to check that it is not affected  by above shuffle() function calls
test all transitions when PHP_INT_MIN is supplied and an end just after the first transition
test rename() by trying to rename an existing file/dir/link to the same name and one another
this one also generates a java message rather than our own so we don't replicate php message
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/appenditerator.current.php )  Gets the current value.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/appenditerator.next.php )  Moves to the next element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/filesystemiterator.next.php )  Move to the next file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/limititerator.next.php )  Moves the iterator forward.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/regexiterator.setmode.php )  Sets the operation mode.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.fgets.php )  Gets a line from the file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splmaxheap.compare.php )  Compare value1 with value2.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splminheap.compare.php )  Compare value1 with value2.
@return     mixed   Returns the iterator class name that is used to iterate over this object.
@return     mixed   The ending line number of the user defined function, or FALSE if unknown.
@return int - On success, returns the number of descriptors contained in the descriptor sets.
@return int - Returns the number of (uncompressed) bytes written to the given gz-file stream.
@return int - Returns the timezone offset in seconds from UTC on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns 1 if the signature is correct, 0 if it is incorrect, and -1 on error.
@return mixed - Returns the sunset time in a specified format on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the value of the first array element, or FALSE if the array is empty.
@return mixed - This function returns the portion of string, or FALSE if needle is not found.
@return string - If called with one argument, it returns the current value of note note_name.
@return string - The returned string will be the same as the name of the error code constant.
@return the number of elements in the array or the number of public properties in the object.
@throws Exception - If there is an error creating the generator, an exception will be thrown.
An example:    Get next batch send errors  Code: 1  Could not send the query to the database.
Available address/protocol families Domain Description AF_INET IPv4 Internet based protocols.
Determines whether the specified code point has the general category "Ll" (lowercase letter).
Determines whether the specified code point has the general category "Lu" (uppercase letter).
Dtor1 should print after this, because the wait handle is still alive and blocked on thing().
Each element of the array corresponds to a line in the file, with the newline still attached.
Either the new process is initializing too slowly, or the old server is stuck after takeover.
Ensuring that inconsistent constructor use results in an error to avoid problems creeping in.
Every such reference will be replaced by the text captured by the n'th parenthesized pattern.
HHVM has a bug with var_export() where the output sometimes contains unnecessary blank lines.
Here two different outputs, which depends on the rounding value  before converting to string.
If size is less than the current array size, any values after the new size will be discarded.
If the call was interrupted by a signal, sleep() returns the number of seconds left to sleep.
If there is no content in the directories under vendor, then we did not get the dependencies.
If var is not an array or an object with implemented Countable interface, 1 will be returned.
If you plan to do further modifications on the appended child you must use the returned node.
In , this parameter is ignored and the name of the user that owns the server process is used.
In case of multiple values for an attribute, they are indexed using integers starting with 0.
It is a read-only method: it does not change anything about the internal state of the object.
MSG_DONTWAIT With this flag set, the function returns even if it would normally have blocked.
Mutually exclusive with LOCK_EX since appends are atomic and thus there is no reason to lock.
NOTE this test can fail on asm builds of zlib 1.2.5 or  1.2.7 on at least Windows and Darwin.
Note that this can be thrown by any database request that receives a reply, not just queries.
Often, for example on a system employing "shadow" passwords, an asterisk is returned instead.
Open two directory handles on the same directory and pass both to readdir() to test behaviour
PDO::MYSQL_ATTR_DIRECT_QUERY (integer) Perform direct queries, don't use prepared statements.
Regular expression to select the error and warning information tuned for gcc 3.4, 4.0 and 4.1
Return an image containing the affine tramsformed src image, using an optional clipping area.
Returns a single column from the next row of a result set or FALSE if there are no more rows.
Returns an EncodingMatch object containing the best guess for the encoding of the byte array.
Returns an array where each element is a variable name which is defined in the current scope.
Sometimes people pass objects without a __toString() defined as an arg, which causes a fatal.
Takes 3 args, the function name, the mode (enter or exit), and an array describing the frame.
Test if the typechecker understands attribute importation and can detect a type mismatch here
Test strrchr() function by passing empty heredoc string for haystack and with various needles
Test xml_set_start_namespace_decl_handler with one more than the expected number of arguments
Test xml_set_unparsed_entity_decl_handler with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing array_rand() function with various invalid 'req_num' values with valid num_req values
Testing filesize() with data written using different file modes and by creating holes in file
Testing the functionality of array_merge_recursive() by passing  array having duplicate keys.
The distinct command returns a list of distinct values for the given key across a collection.
The largest number that can be converted is 4294967295 in decimal resulting to "37777777777".
The maximum number passed to the backlog parameter highly depends on the underlying platform.
The result will be PHP value for simple resources and ResourceBundle object for complex ones.
This class allows you to turn on specific levels of logging for specific parts of the driver.
This error code may be passed to socket_strerror() to get a textual explanation of the error.
This function will return the number of days in the month of year for the specified calendar.
Use the constants described in the MongoLog section with bitwise operators to specify levels.
Using "wrong" default type will be reported when trying to use the result in incompatible way
We do this substitution here so that this test's expected output is not affected by this bug.
You can prevent the script from blocking by specifying MSG_IPC_NOWAIT in the flags parameter.
array_values() returns all the values from the input array and indexes numerically the array.
call fgetcsv() to parse csv fields use the right delimiter and enclosure with negative length
hash_init() doesn't allow empty keys (for good reason) but hash_hmac() needs to support them.
loop to check that is_int() recognizes different  integer values, expected output: bool(true)
passing different integer values for 'chunklen' and heredoc string for 'str' to chunk_split()
proc_nice() changes the priority of the current process by the amount specified in increment.
sem_get() returns an id that can be used to access the System V semaphore with the given key.
strict This file test is a basic test that new class_id produces a expression dependent type.
temp files created with this prefix the content that is filled into the temp files as created
use check_iscallable() to check whether given variable is valid function name expected: false
you can resume using the cursor later, from where it was located, if more data were received.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.ksort.php )  Sorts an array by the keys.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/emptyiterator.next.php )  No operation, nothing to do.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.export.php )  Exports a reflection.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.key.php )  Gets the current line number.
- It is possible to pass parameters to the shutdown function by passing additional parameters.
@name       mixed   Either a string containing the name of the class to reflect, or an object.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if an entry referenced by the offset exists, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   Returns an indexed array containing the delimiter and enclosure character.
@return     mixed   Returns the position of the file pointer as an integer, or FALSE on error.
@return array - Returns an array of IPv4 addresses or FALSE if hostname could not be resolved.
@return array - Returns an indexed or associative array with the headers, or FALSE on failure.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the value is bound to the statement variable, FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - A node (of any type) with the specified nodeName, or NULL if no node is found.
@return mixed - Returns the name of the function trace file or false if tracing isn't enabled.
@return mixed - Returns the sunrise time in a specified format on success or FALSE on failure.
@return resource - Returns a MySQL persistent link identifier on success, or FALSE on failure.
@return string - Returns the last line of the command output on success, and FALSE on failure.
Answer the constraint that this constraint overrides, if there is one, or nil, if there isn't.
Basically, it defines two collections: files, for file metadata, and chunks, for file content.
Breaks this node into two nodes at the specified offset, keeping both in the tree as siblings.
Caution  Remember, the current calendar system being used worldwide is the Gregorian calendar.
Compares the keys from container1 against the keys from container2 and returns the difference.
For Unix domain sockets, the target portion should point to the socket file on the filesystem.
Generates a string which is the pathname for the current controlling terminal for the process.
HPHP has has many version of these functions over time Faceobok has impelemtnation differences
However, some elements might not be placed correctly and it may hence break the heap-property.
If the object does not have a parent or the class given does not exist FALSE will be returned.
It does not mean that the key of the first related value from the unsorted array will be kept.
It will probably stop testing that if we start running weaken_decrefs before load elimination.
Makes the colors of the palette version of an image more closely match the true color version.
Memcache::add() stores variable var with key only if such key doesn't exist at the server yet.
Mongo has a feature known as tailable cursors which are similar to the Unix "tail -f" command.
MongoMinKey is a special type used by the database that evaluates to less than any other type.
Note that pairs return a Vector despite the documentation saying that they return an immVector
Open a directory with different premissions then try to read it to test behaviour of readdir()
Part 3: TO BE DISCUSSED  Storing a reference to the result of a function in a static variable.
Part 4: Storing a reference to a new instance (that's where the name of the  test comes from).
Passing different heredoc strings as 'str' argument to the str_split()  with 'split_length' 10
Passing the NULL value or the string "localhost" to this parameter, the local host is assumed.
Removes a node with the specified key from the tree if the tree contains a node with this key.
Returns a string with the first character of str , lowercased if that character is alphabetic.
Returns a string with the first character of str capitalized, if that character is alphabetic.
Returns an associative array containing localized numeric and monetary formatting information.
Returns the decimal equivalent of the binary number represented by the binary_string argument.
Returns the inverse hyperbolic tangent of arg, i.e. the value whose hyperbolic tangent is arg.
SOCK_DGRAM Supports datagrams (connectionless, unreliable messages of a fixed maximum length).
Session system variables are reset to the values of the corresponding global system variables.
Splay on the key to move the last node on the search path for the key to the root of the tree.
Test copy(): Trying to copy source file to destination file with and without write permissions
Testing chop() : with different unexpected values for charlist argument passes to the function
Testing how preg_match_all reacts to being passed the wrong type of subpatterns array argument
Testing printf() : with different unexpected values for format argument other than the strings
Testing the behavior of array_intersect_assoc() by passing different arrays for the arguments.
Testing the functionality of array_merge_recursive() by passing an array having binary values.
Testing the functionality of array_unique() by passing  array having duplicate keys as values.
Testing uasort() function by passing different scalar/nonscalar values as 'array_arg' argument
Testing xml_set_end_namespace_decl_handler with one less than the expected number of arguments
The dgettext() function allows you to override the current domain for a single message lookup.
The function named by handler must accept four parameters, and should return an integer value.
The image_type_to_mime_type() function will determine the Mime-Type for an IMAGETYPE constant.
The indices of the hash are: ticks - the number of clock ticks that have elapsed since reboot.
The last buffer content is sent to next buffer  Source code: main/output.c Alias to functions:
The user ID is returned in numerical format, use posix_getpwuid() to resolve it to a username.
This can be omitted and skipped with -1 for transports that do not use ports, such as unix://.
This dual purpose can be useful in many cases involving the need to uniquely identify objects.
This function is only used by PHP internally, it shouldn't need to ever be called by the user.
This function returns the names of all the modules compiled and loaded in the PHP interpreter.
This function returns the offset to GMT for the date/time specified in the datetime parameter.
This includes those created by extensions as well as those created with the define() function.
This is a short, usually less than 16 character "handle" of the user, not the real, full name.
This method enables the ability to use PHP functions as XSLT functions within XSL stylesheets.
TipA URL can be used as a filename with this function if the fopen wrappers have been enabled.
To accomplish this you have to name the different format codes and separate them by a slash /.
Use the constants described in the MongoLog section with bitwise operators to check the level.
Use the constants described in the MongoLog section with bitwise operators to specify modules.
We don't evaluate default arguments when we don't need them, PHP 7 evaluates them on all calls
We got failed Tests, offer the user to send an e-mail to QA team, unless NO_INTERACTION is set
What we really want to know is that there were a reasonable number of calls to the destructor.
Will return the current dewey binary unless the `HOWTOEVEN_BUILD` environment variable is set.
array_pop() pops and returns the last value of the array, shortening the array by one element.
call fgetcsv() to parse csv fields use different delimiter and enclosure than existing in file
date_sunset() returns the sunset time for a given day (specified as a timestamp) and location.
ensure that  feof() points to eof, expected: true ensure that file content/size didn't change.
ftp_fget() retrieves remote_file from the FTP server, and writes it to the given file pointer.
loop through each element of the array for heredoc str, mask str , start values and len values
loop to check that is_array() recognizes different  type of arrays, expected output bool(true)
mysql_list_dbs()  This function should be needed, since PostgreSQL connection  binds database.
retry: Length of time (seconds) to wait after a failed refresh before making a second attempt.
strict This file tests expression dependent types for locals variables when integration occurs
substr_count() returns the number of times the needle substring occurs in the haystack string.
test fread with file opened in "r" and "rb" mode only Content with numeric and strings with it
unread_bytes (int) - the number of bytes currently contained in the PHP's own internal buffer.
we know the type, position and name of this symbol, but we won't know where it's definition is
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.serialize.php )  Serializes an ArrayObject.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.filesystemiterator.php )  The Filesystem iterator
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/filesystemiterator.setflags.php )  Sets handling flags.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/norewinditerator.current.php )  Gets the current value.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phardata.delete.php )  Delete a file within an archive.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflection.getmodifiernames.php )  Gets modifier names.
@flags      mixed   Special flags, see RegexIterator::setFlags() for a list of available flags.
@return        array    The resolved type structure for either a type constant or a type alias.
@return     mixed   Returns a RecursiveFilterIterator containing the inner iterator's children.
@return     mixed   Returns a string containing the next line from the file, or FALSE on error.
@return array - Returns an associative array with the keys "versionString" and "versionNumber".
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the child status code represents a normal exit, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - Returns true if Memcache instance uses a persistent connection, false otherwise.
@return mixed - Returns a DOMNodeList containing all nodes matching the given XPath expression.
@return mixed - Returns a hash of strings with information about the current process CPU usage.
@return mixed - Returns a string of up to length bytes read from the file pointed to by handle.
@return string - Returns a properly escaped string that may be used safely in an SQL statement.
@return string - Returns the result of the division as a string, or NULL if right_operand is 0.
Besides carrying data, packets form linked lists and are hence used both as data and worklists.
Check content of buffer after flush - if flush failed it should still contain the string above.
Creates a temporary file with a unique name in read-write (w+) mode and returns a file handle .
Different versions of ICU will give us slightly different formats for the DatePatternGenerator.
Done with the original connection, create a second link to test the character set being defined
Elements 0 and key contain the key name of the array element, and 1 and value contain the data.
Even if there are three lines of prologue, this will keep continuing before we call analyzeTest
Fetch a request token, secret and any additional response parameters from the service provider.
Fetch an access token, secret and any additional response parameters from the service provider.
Function cmp_function should accept two parameters which will be filled by pairs of array keys.
Function cmp_function should accept two parameters which will be filled by pairs of entry keys.
Here we create a new unit test "jenkins_async_test" and promise we'll update the results later.
Hexadecimal notation (0xFF) is allowed too but only without sign, decimal and exponential part.
If a string is passed as the needle, then only the first character of that string will be used.
If a string is passed, any exception that occurs inside the DateTime constructor is propagated.
If no node has the given key, the last node on the search path is moved to the top of the tree.
If set to TRUE, it returns all of haystack from the beginning to the last occurrence of needle.
If some opcode numbers are not used then fill hole with pointers to handler of undefined opcode
If the target is elsewhere in the map, __call's state will be reset to use the new map element.
If the target method actually exists, the fcall will be proxied through call_user_func_array().
If there is an invalid byte sequence for the following encodings, encoding detection will fail.
It composes from PATHINFO_DIRNAME, PATHINFO_BASENAME, PATHINFO_EXTENSION and PATHINFO_FILENAME.
It is perfectly valid for socket_write() to return zero which means no bytes have been written.
It's critical the read on the stream returns the input but doesn't set EOF flag the first time.
NOTE: do not run this directly under a web server, as it will take a very long time to execute.
Negative offset values will start the search at offset characters from the start of the string.
New strengths may be inserted in the strength hierarchy without disrupting current constraints.
Note that dynamically calling extract is not allowed with the DisallowDynamicVarEnvFuncs option
Otherwise FALSE is returned and errno is set, which can be checked with posix_get_last_error().
Parse currency string  This parser would use parseCurrency API string to parse currency string.
Parses a string input for fields in CSV format and returns an array containing the fields read.
Performs the search for a specified filter on the directory with the scope LDAP_SCOPE_ONELEVEL.
Probably bad practice to have --latest --record --latest-record, but it is not a contradiction.
Prototype  : proto bool ob_flush(void) Description: Flush (send) contents of the output buffer.
Represents a prepared statement and, after the statement is executed, an associated result set.
Returns an immutable, integer-keyed map (`ImmMap`) based on the elements of the current `Pair`.
Sets a busy handler that will sleep until the database is not locked or the timeout is reached.
Shape-like arrays preserve element types when used with class constants - usage with no errors.
Should still be able to recover and respond to a request over the port on a new TCP connection.
So `slice(0, 2)` would return the elements at key 0 and 1 (all of the current `Pair` elements).
TRUE indicates that a field should be returned, FALSE indicates that it should not be returned.
Test that the behavior is consistent with the existing handling of new and legacy constructors.
Test xml_set_processing_instruction_handler with one more than the expected number of arguments
Testing sprintf() : with different unexpected values for format argument other than the strings
Testing uasort() function with different scalar and nonscalar values in place of 'cmp_function'
Testing xml_set_external_entity_ref_handler with one less than the expected number of arguments
The Phar::startBuffering()/ Phar::stopBuffering() pair of methods is provided for this purpose.
The caller is expected to make the appropriate add/addAll calls to fill that reserved capacity.
The filename argument may be a directory name allowing you to check if a directory is writable.
The function named by handler must accept three parameters, and should return an integer value.
This class fulfills the constraints of quickly generating a value that is unique across shards.
This function is called `mm` because we are returning a `m`ap, and doing a `m`apping operation.
This function only creates a socket, to begin accepting connections use stream_socket_accept().
This function returns a copy of the node to import and associates it with the current document.
This is a short, usually less than 16 character "handle" of the group, not the real, full name.
This means that the same number has different monetary values depending on the currency locale.
This way, when calling func_to_stub_out(), it will actually execute new_func_to_replace_with().
We got failed Tests, offer the user to send and e-mail to QA team, unless NO_INTERACTION is set
We need this hack because the stream wrapper should work even without the __HALT_COMPILER token
When PHP is being used as a server module, the umask is restored when each request is finished.
When comparing an array that has similar elements  but has been created in a different order 2.
When this happens, we should adhere to our existing heuristics for map-like array construction.
couldn't determine master  No server in a replica set connection was identified as the primary.
loop through each element of the values array for 'var' argument  check the working of sizeof()
loop through the each value of the array for 'var' argument and check the behaviour of sizeof()
loop through to get all 256 character's equivelent binary value, and check working of strncmp()
now try values that don't fit in long, on 32bit, new types should be sent or 0 will be inserted
ob_get_flush() flushes the output buffer, return it as a string and turns off output buffering.
strict If a class is declared abstract final then it cannot contain any abstract type constants
test C::o_invoke, C::o_invoke_few_args, lookup in call_user_func static method call (in G::f4).
the Phar::startBuffering()/ Phar::stopBuffering() pair of methods is provided for this purpose.
try reading a char using fgetc() using invalid handles - closed file handle - unset file handle
try reading a line using fgets() using invalid handles - closed file handle - unset file handle
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/emptyiterator.rewind.php )  No operation, nothing to do.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.export.php )  Exports a reflected class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.getsize.php )  Gets the size of the array.
@cls        mixed   Classname or object (instance of the class) that contains the type constant.
@return     mixed   Returns FALSE if no metadata is set or is NULL, TRUE if metadata is not NULL
@return  - Returns an ImagickPixel object on success, throwing ImagickPixelException on failure.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the mail was successfully accepted for delivery, FALSE otherwise.
@return mixed - Returns a resource handle that can be used to access the System V message queue.
@return mixed - Returns a string starting from the character found, or FALSE if it is not found.
@return mysqli_stmt - mysqli_prepare() returns a statement object or FALSE if an error occurred.
A list of possible flags for fnmatch() Flag Description FNM_NOESCAPE Disable backslash escaping.
A wait handle that succeeds with null once desired scheduling priority is eligible for execution
Added in PHP 4.4.0 and 5.0.2, it uses the system locale, which can be changed using setlocale().
But the MySQL 5.1 manual states: Truncation operations do not return the number of deleted rows.
Check for size of existing data file after opening the file in "w" mode again, expected: 0 bytes
Converts character encoding of variables vars in encoding from_encoding to encoding to_encoding.
Details: The outputs of a constraint are marked when it is added to the plan under construction.
Do so a couple times, so we exercise both directions of each branch through multiple executions.
Each DOMDocument has a doctype attribute whose value is either NULL or a DOMDocumentType object.
For instance, this will not work:  This does not query for a user named "joe" with an age of 20.
Given a string containing a path to a file, this function will return the base name of the file.
Given a string containing a path to a file, this function will return the name of the directory.
However, it will never return more documents than fit in the max batch size limit (usually 4MB).
If from and to are different lengths, the extra characters in the longer of the two are ignored.
If set to TRUE, it returns all of haystack from the beginning to the first occurrence of needle.
If start is negative, the replacing will begin at the start'th character from the end of string.
If the error has been caused by a PHP internal function then the "message" begins with its name.
If the key exists in the second array, and not the first, it will be created in the first array.
In case 2, the added constraint is weaker than the stay constraint so it cannot be accommodated.
In order for this test to run on both linux and windows, the subject will have to be ascii only.
Instead, a PharFileInfo object is initialized by calling Phar::offsetGet() through array access.
It is not processed so multipart stuff must be prepared before calling this (or add it to class)
It performs basic operations such as insertion, look-up and removal in O(log(n)) amortized time.
Memcache::getExtendedStats() returns a two-dimensional associative array with server statistics.
Note that .phar cannot be used anywhere in the filename for a non-executable tar or zip archive.
NumberFormatter is locale-sensitive so you need to create a new NumberFormatter for each locale.
Pass a directory containing files with different types of names to test how scandir() reads them
Print every element of a ImmSet with a custom function, since serialization is not wired up yet.
Provide a placeholder string with the data we do have pending changes to the Extension registry.
Quickly determine if a debugger is attached to this process and configured to debug this thread.
Resolve filename against the include path according to the same rules as fopen()/include() does.
Returns the decimal equivalent of the hexadecimal number represented by the hex_string argument.
TODO(glevi): This should error as soon as we remove that hack that says a Generator is Awaitable
Test array_map() with a pass-by-value callback forced to behave as a pass-by-reference function.
Test name pattern can be different depending on the framework, although most follow the default.
Test strncmp() function with different strings for 'str1', 'str2' and considering case sensitive
Test strncmp() function with upper-case and lower-case alphabets as inputs for 'str1' and 'str2'
Testing ob_start, chunking and the debugger since the debugger actually swaps buffers sometimes.
Testing xml_set_start_namespace_decl_handler with one less than the expected number of arguments
Testing xml_set_unparsed_entity_decl_handler with one less than the expected number of arguments
The "ping" command (present in most modern operating systems) is an example application of ICMP.
The analysis used to reject code like this is performed by generating expression dependent types
The final stats will generally be the last line before we hit null returned from line retrieval.
The first element is the descriptor type and the second element is an option for the given type.
The precision specifier stands for the number of digits after the decimal point since PHP 5.2.1.
The size values are a bit of a difficult thing to check so we use them as sort of a lower bound.
The variable in the calling environment will retain the same value as before unset() was called.
These are the five necessary properties for a proper install, with pull_requests being optional.
This is useful, for example, to determine which process sent the message that was just received.
Thus, after you connect, this function will return NULL even if there are secondaries available.
To retrieve subsequent errors from other statements you have to call mysqli_next_result() first.
Use this function to do any displaying of text, so that things can be over-written as necessary.
We may however, want to match EXPECT on more than 200 results, so this may need to change later.
You may poll the process (to see if it has stopped yet) by using the proc_get_status() function.
c - the argument is treated as an integer, and presented as the character with that ASCII value.
date_sunrise() returns the sunrise time for a given day (specified as a timestamp) and location.
expected: 100 trying to write more than the available data, available 1024 bytes but trying 2048
f - the argument is treated as a float, and presented as a floating-point number (locale aware).
functions, or FALSE if there are no more entries to read, or an error code if an error occurred.
mysqli_stmt_reset() also closes any open cursor before preparing the statement for re-execution.
ok to "override" a trait private function with a visibility expanding consistent* implementation
socket_create_pair() creates two connected and indistinguishable sockets, and stores them in fd.
strict This tests that using the 'this' type as an argument to a public instance method is safe.
the lines below will catch by '__get' magic method since these variables are unavailable anymore
this file is not used in the cron job use it to test the gcc regex with the sample data provided
type The data type used for this field decimals The number of decimals used (for integer fields)
'LATIN SMALL LETTER LONG S WITH DOT ABOVE' (U+1E9B) the word 'hindi' using Devanagari characters:
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.current.php )  Get the current array entry.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.getarraycopy.php )  Get a copy of an array.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.next.php )  The iterator to the next entry.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/errorexception.construct.php )  Constructs the Exception.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/iteratoriterator.next.php )  Forward to the next element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getinterfaces.php )  Gets the interfaces.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.count.php )  Returns the size of the array.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.key.php )  Returns the current array index.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splsubject.notify.php )  Notifies all attached observers.
** Only valid on systems supporting the st_blksize type - other systems (e.g. Windows) return -1.
/* try to define some constants with multiple-token scalar initial values involving literals only
@operation  mixed   operation is one of the following: LOCK_SH to acquire a shared lock (reader).
@return     mixed   An array of ReflectionClass objects, one for each class within the extension.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the algorithm is a block algorithm or FALSE if it is a stream one.
@return mixed - An array of type information if type is not specified, otherwise a specific type.
@return mixed - Returns a quoted string that is theoretically safe to pass into an SQL statement.
Also note that PHP internally stores integer values as signed values of a machine-dependent size.
Array keys correspond to host:port of server and values contain the individual server statistics.
Check for size of existing data file after opening the file in "w+" mode again, expected: 0 bytes
Check for size of existing data file after opening the file in "wb" mode again, expected: 0 bytes
Check for size of existing data file after opening the file in "wt" mode again, expected: 0 bytes
Creates a filtered iterator using the callback to determine which items are accepted or rejected.
Creates a timer that will send a SIGALRM signal to the process after the given number of seconds.
De-allocates a color previously allocated with imagecolorallocate() or imagecolorallocatealpha().
Determines if the specified character is permissible as the first character in a Java identifier.
Determines whether the specified code point is a control character (as defined by this function).
Each element in the array is a wait handle, or null which represents crossing a context boundary.
Fills an array with the value of the value parameter, using the values of the keys array as keys.
For Windows systems, a complete overview of supported conversion specifiers can be found at MSDN.
For more complex formatting, like spelled-out numbers, the rule-based number formatters are used.
Have to find some small strings to truly reproduce  the problem, this example being not a problem
However, if a signal is caught or the remote host disconnects, the function may return less data.
If SSL setup is incorrect mysqli_real_connect() will return an error when you attempt to connect.
If filename is a relative filename, it will be checked relative to the current working directory.
If no parameters are given, the current time is used and the increment is automatically provided.
If pad_size is positive then the array is padded on the right, if it's negative then on the left.
If returned `int` is positive, that represents the number of handles on which there was activity.
If the socket resource is omitted, the error code of the last failed socket function is returned.
Instead, you need to actually understand the problem and determine the most appropriate solution.
It is identical to running:  See MongoDB::command() for more information about database commands.
Lets try again, setting the filename rather than format This should cause PNG image to be written
MSG_PEEK Receive data from the beginning of the receive queue without removing it from the queue.
MYSQLI_STMT_ATTR_PREFETCH_ROWS Number of rows to fetch from server at a time when using a cursor.
MongoMaxKey is a special type used by the database that evaluates to greater than any other type.
Note that this means that a cursor does not "contain" the database results, it just manages them.
Now check for three locales that is present in the system and use that as argument to setlocale()
Pass an array of objects which have a different number of properties to test behaviour of usort()
Performs the search for a specified filter on the directory with the scope of LDAP_SCOPE_SUBTREE.
Provides the result information for when the connection to the MySQL client is made successfully.
Returns a `ImmVector` containing the values of the current `Pair` that meet a supplied condition.
Returns whether or not the current connection reused the SSL session from another SSL connection.
Some directory server hosts will be configured to return no more than a preset number of entries.
Stepping into/over/out of throws, catches, stepping over calls that have throw/catch within, etc.
Test array_map() by passing different callback function returning: int, string, bool, null values
Test confilicting AKempty promotions - in one branch it's promoted to AKvec, in another to AKmap.
Test that we can define our own custom Map class as long as we're not in the top-level namespace.
Test that we can define our own custom Set class as long as we're not in the top-level namespace.
Testing is_file() with file containing data, truncating its size  and the file created by touch()
The group ID is returned in numerical format, use posix_getgrgid() to resolve it to a group name.
The idea for this function was taken from Perl and all formatting codes work the same as in Perl.
The methods supplied in this class are used to build all the messages that are seen by end users.
The static invocation may be used when no DOMDocument properties need to be set prior to loading.
The variable in the calling environment will retain the same value as before unset()  was called.
These are in a separate test so that Zend can still generate param_tostring_zendcompat.php.expect
This causes that flushing and cleaning functions would issue a notice and return FALSE if called.
This function is only available on operating systems that support the gettimeofday() system call.
This functions appends a child to an existing list of children or creates a new list of children.
This method is used to create capped collections and other collections requiring special options.
Trying to pick more elements than there are in the array will result in an E_WARNING level error.
Use logical network address for grouping network I/O by intention, instead of physical addresses.
Use these parameters to bind any user-input, do not include the user-input directly in the query.
Useful to handle errors occurred in static methods when there's no object to get error code from.
Values true, false and null (case-insensitive) are returned as TRUE, FALSE and NULL respectively.
We're going to use a three-stage table (with an extra one for the entities with two code points).
When you set it to an empty string (""), the value set by the mcrypt.modes_dir directive is used.
any other non-transactional engine pdo_mysql_begin_transaction has more on this, quick check only
loop through to consider various offsets in getting the position of the needle in haystack string
loop to check that is_numeric() recognizes different  numeric values, expected output: bool(true)
mb_strrchr() finds the last occurrence of needle in haystack and returns the portion of haystack.
mb_strstr() finds the first occurrence of needle in haystack and returns the portion of haystack.
mysqli_kill() "trick" does not work for any of the following because of an E_COMMANDS_OUT_OF_SYNC
passing different double quoted strings as 'str' argument to str_split() split_length is set to 7
passing different single quoted strings as 'str' argument to str_split() split_length is set to 5
proc_close() is similar to pclose() except that it only works on processes opened by proc_open().
shell The shell element contains the absolute path to the executable of the user's default shell.
shm_get_var() returns the variable with a given variable_key, in the given shared memory segment.
try fgetss on files which are opened in read/write modes w+, w+b, w+t, a+, a+b, a+t, x+, x+b, x+t
use recursion to implement a factorial function Note: can call a function prior to its definition
we expect a different return value than our input value typically the difference is only the type
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/emptyiterator.key.php )  This function must not be called.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/exception.getmessage.php )  Returns the Exception message.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/norewinditerator.next.php )  Forwards to the next element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.isfinal.php )  Checks if a class is final.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.export.php )  Exports a ReflectionMethod.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.invoke.php )  Invokes a reflected method.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.getmodifiers.php )  Gets the modifiers.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/sessionhandlerinterface.destroy.php )  Destroys a session.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.fgetc.php )  Gets a character from the file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splheap.construct.php )  This constructs a new empty heap.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splheap.current.php )  Get the current datastructure node.
(excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splstack.construct.php)  This constructs a new empty stack.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the named constant given by name has been defined, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the parameter is bound to the statement variable, FALSE on failure.
@return callable - Returns the name of the previously defined exception handler, or NULL on error.
@return int - On success the return value will be the created key value, otherwise -1 is returned.
@return int - Returns the length of the output buffer contents or FALSE if no buffering is active.
@return mixed - Returns the number of characters in string str having character encoding encoding.
@return mixed - socket_create_listen() returns a new socket resource on success or FALSE on error.
@return string - The contents of one cell from a MySQL result set on success, or FALSE on failure.
A benchmark has a name (string) and a function that will be run to do the performance measurement.
According to the DOM standard this requires a DTD which defines the attribute ID to be of type ID.
An invalid address likely to crash PHP due to stack exhaustion if it goes to the validation regex.
But you can check the API at least partly this way Extra BLOB tests are in mysqli_stmt_send_long()
Check for size of existing data file after opening the file in "w+b" mode again, expected: 0 bytes
Check for size of existing data file after opening the file in "w+t" mode again, expected: 0 bytes
Determine through a poor man's method whether a proxy will be required to get out to the internet.
Even if we are found out to alreay be installed, still ensure that appropriate tests are disabled.
Generates localized date and/or time format pattern strings suitable for use in IntlDateFormatter.
Helper for getMethods: correctly ordered Set of the methods declared on this class and its parents
However, before PHP 5.1.0 this range was limited from 1970 to 2038 on some systems (e.g. Windows).
If no parameter is provided, then the default implementation of spl_autoload() will be registered.
If set to 0 both attributes types and attribute values are fetched which is the default behaviour.
In addition, this method automatically renames the file extension of the archive, .tar by default.
In contrast, idx() will fail silently if the index doesn't exist, which won't help you out at all.
In practice, we aren't implementing this correctly in hhvm right now, so it doesn't really matter.
It should also not be automatically converted to a non-static instance when attempting to bind one
Lastly, the 'alias' field (given by itself), will map calls from one function directly to another.
Note that if the array already contains some elements, exec() will append to the end of the array.
Note that this comparison is case sensitive, and unlike strcmp() this function is not binary safe.
Note: use this function if you don't want files from the file system loaded and processed as YAML.
Opens up a directory handle to be used in subsequent closedir(), readdir(), and rewinddir() calls.
Output buffers are stackable, that is, you may call ob_start() while another ob_start() is active.
Prototype: resource popen ( string command, string mode ) Description: Opens process file pointer.
Reads multiple entries from the given result, and then reading the attributes and multiple values.
Relies on `hh_server` to poke a stamp file to say "something has changed" to invalidate our cache.
Returns a ImmSet of all the values from this ImmSet for which the specified callback returns true.
Returns a Vector of all the values from this Vector for which the specified callback returns true.
Returns the required initialisation vector length for the cipher determined by the mode parameter.
Since the user didn't respect the valid() return value false this must be intended hence we go on.
Specifying -1 as the pid is equivalent to the functionality pcntl_wait() provides (minus options).
Test copy(): Trying to copy the source file which is given with the combination of wild-card chars
Test strrchr() function by passing multi-line heredoc string for haystack and with various needles
Test that the auto-import mechanism also kicks in when the "nameless" namespace construct is used.
Test that we can define our own custom Pair class as long as we're not in the top-level namespace.
Test vector code (PHP can't create those, but they might come form C++ code in serialized strings)
Testing the functionality of array_merge_recursive() by passing  array having reference variables.
Testing xml_set_processing_instruction_handler with one less than the expected number of arguments
The behaviour on windows is to select an arbitrary timezone name from the current system settings.
The contents of this internal buffer may be copied into a string variable using ob_get_contents().
The first time through this loop, we know it is an array and therefore can't be a call to extract.
The function also returns TRUE/FALSE for INSERT/UPDATE/DELETE queries to indicate success/failure.
The number of errors, warnings, and notes returned during execution of the previous SQL statement.
The possible values for this parameter are the constants MYSQLI_ASSOC, MYSQLI_NUM, or MYSQLI_BOTH.
This connection is not closed after the end of script execution and by Memcache::close() function.
This function forces a write of all buffered output to the resource pointed to by the file handle.
This function is similar to imap_8bit(), except this one does not require the IMAP module to work.
This is used mainly when sorting associative arrays where the actual element order is significant.
This means that in i.e. the default "C" locale, characters such as umlaut-A will not be converted.
This method is useful when you prefer just to get null on error, as if you called numfmt_create().
This method returns the last database error that occurred and how many operations ago it occurred.
This should be the same as the name parameter used when calling the function, and hence redundant.
This test is a modified version of the original test, bug54265.php, which has been moved to 'bad'.
This way, all scores are relative to a reference run and higher scores implies better performance.
Turns off the usual SSL peer certificate and host checks, this is not for production environments.
Update the walkabout strengths and stay flags of all variables downstream of the given constraint.
Vectors do not support iterating while new elements are being added or elements are being removed.
When another oop_test instance is created it must reuse the statically stored reference oop_value.
When using UPDATE, MySQL will not update columns where the new value is the same as the old value.
You can get an instance of `AsyncMysqlRowBlock` via the `AsyncMysqlQueryResult::rowBlocks()` call.
array_pad() returns a copy of the input padded to size specified by pad_size with value pad_value.
calling check_printr() to display combinations of scalar and  non-scalar variables using print_r()
class with public member, static member , constant and consturctor to initialize the public member
hash_init() doesn't allow empty keys (for good reason) but hash_hmac_file() needs to support them.
mb_stristr() finds the first occurrence of needle in haystack and returns the portion of haystack.
mb_strrichr() finds the last occurrence of needle in haystack and returns the portion of haystack.
msg_stat_queue() returns the message queue meta data for the message queue specified by the queue.
set config into environment, this allows executed tests to find out about the test configurations.
type The data type used for this field   decimals The number of decimals used (for integer fields)
we cannot be sure which class this method corresponds to, so mark method as needing to be verified
without a __wakeup method, any instance property present in the string takes on its default value.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/iterator.key.php )  Returns the key of the current element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.getname.php )  Gets the properties name.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.construct.php )  Construct a new file object.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.current.php )  Get the current array element.
*********************************************************** GROUP B  GroupB echoStructAsSimpleTypes
/* NULL operand with all kinds of operands, swapping them over to make LHS/RHS order is irrelevent.
@delimiter  mixed   The optional delimiter parameter sets the field delimiter (one character only).
@enclosure  mixed   The optional enclosure parameter sets the field enclosure (one character only).
@iterator_class mixed   The classname of the array iterator to use when iterating over this object.
@return     mixed   The method returns a Phar object on success and throws an exception on failure.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if every character in text is a lowercase letter in the current locale.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if key is the private key that corresponds to cert, or FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the mode outputs blocks of bytes, or FALSE if it outputs just bytes.
@return bool true if it the code indicates some failure, and false in case of success or a warning.
@return mixed - If you are picking only one entry, array_rand() returns the key for a random entry.
@return mixed - Returns a string of up to length - 1 bytes read from the file pointed to by handle.
@return mixed - Returns the number of bytes successfully written to the socket or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - The settings are returned as an associative array on success, and FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - socket_recv() returns the number of bytes received, or FALSE if there was an error.
@return string - This function returns a string with whitespace stripped from the beginning of str.
Additional attributes will also be contained in the resulting array dependant on the value of type.
Computes digest hash value for given data using given method, returns raw or binhex encoded string.
Creates a rectangle filled with color in the given image starting at point 1 and ending at point 2.
Determines whether the specified code point is a "graphic" character (printable, excluding spaces).
FILE_APPEND If file filename already exists, append the data to the file instead of overwriting it.
For a prepared statement using named placeholders, this will be a parameter name of the form :name.
For example, if there is no occurrence of pattern, an array with only one element will be returned.
For example, if you use bar as thousands_sep on the number 1000, number_format() will return 1b000.
For tar-based phar archives, the default extensions are .phar.tar, .phar.tar.gz, and .phar.tar.bz2.
Format can be forced regardless of file extension using format: prefix, for example "jpg:test.png".
If any of the necessary mysqli properties come in as null, then we can use our default ini options.
If it is omitted, then the sequence will have everything from offset up until the end of the array.
If m is specified, match will be executed in multiline mode and line break will be included in '.'.
If no arguments are specified then the link identifier of the already opened link will be returned.
If the PDO driver does not support this capability, PDO::lastInsertId() triggers an IM001 SQLSTATE.
If the numerator is PHP_INT_MIN and the divisor is -1, then an ArithmeticError exception is thrown.
If the temporary file exceeds this size, it will be moved to a file in the system's temp directory.
If there are no pending connections, socket_accept() will block until a connection becomes present.
If this argument is omitted, the request is assumed to be in the raw POST data of the HTTP request.
If we have finished the tests, then we are just printing any error info and getting the final stats
If you have started iterating through results, it will not move the current position of the cursor.
If you think you need to override this, look at extraPreComposer() and extraPostComposer() instead.
If you're ignoring the previous paragraph and want to call it directly you can do so:    But don't.
It will remove any existing keys that may have been assigned, rather than just reordering the keys.
It works by making use of an integer index which is incremented within the range 0 - containersize.
Message Format provides for runtime formatting of messages in a manner somewhat similar to sprintf.
N.B pi() ignores all specified arguments no error  messages are produced if arguments are spcified.
NOTE: tests is a stub, but function is deprecated, as long as it does not crash when invoking it...
Note that the values of trans need to be valid keys, i.e. they need to be either integer or string.
Note that this means that you won't have an indication that a shard is down in your query response.
Note that you should use this function even if you do not use the automatic routing to secondaries.
Only purpose is to test basic code paths in the ezc string to double and double to string routines.
Open directory with different permission values, read and close, expected: none of them to succeed.
Operates as printf() but accepts an array of arguments, rather than a variable number of arguments.
Parses str as if it were the query string passed via a URL and sets variables in the current scope.
Please note that ftp_pasv() can only be called after a successfull login or otherwise it will fail.
Please see your system's fork(2) man page for specific details as to how fork works on your system.
Please see your system's wait(2) man page for specific details as to how wait works on your system.
Provides string comparison capability with support for appropriate locale-sensitive sort orderings.
Remove this test once we unify the zend ini compat diff (D1797805) with the per dir diff (D2099778)
Returns FALSE if the requested column does not exist in the result set, or if no result set exists.
Returns a string with backslashes before characters that need to be quoted in database queries etc.
Returns the rounded value of val to specified precision (number of digits after the decimal point).
SQLITE3_FLOAT: The value is a floating point value, stored as an 8-byte IEEE floating point number.
Set always chooses capacities that are 3 times a power of two, so it will grow to a capacity of 48.
Sets the token handler callback, which will later be called with OAuthProvider::callTokenHandler().
Successive calls to the ldap_next_entry() return entries one by one till there are no more entries.
Test behaviour of array_rand() function when multi-dimensional array  is passed to 'input' argument
Test behaviour of shuffle() function when multi-dimensional array is passed to 'array_arg' argument
Testing the functionality of array_unique() by passing  array having reference variables as values.
The child can be created with e.g. DOMDocument::createElement(), DOMDocument::createTextNode() etc.
The comparison of arrays' data is performed by using an user-supplied callback : data_compare_func.
The latter restriction is necessary because it would be impossible to determine the parameter type.
The point of this unit test is to detect regressions if/when we fix either of those issues, though.
These are encoded as printable characters, 6 bits per character, least significant character first.
These variables will be protected even if safe_mode_allowed_env_vars is set to allow changing them.
This class holds the SSL Context Provider that MySQL client will use to establish a SSL connection.
This does not invoke __destruct() or has any other side effect unless programmed inside the method.
This flag was implemented in MongoDB version 1.7.5, so will only work with that version and higher.
This function is like array_diff() except the comparison is done on the keys instead of the values.
This function is similar to `Map::map()`, but the mapping of the values is done using `Awaitable`s.
This function renames on old mailbox to new mailbox (see imap_open() for the format of mbox names).
This function returns the name of the class from which the current function/method was called from.
This parameter may be an , with the name of the class, and the method, or a , with a function name.
Trying to copy the links across dir paths given in various notations and dirs having limited access
We have a fatal after the tests have supposedly started but we really don't have a test to examine.
You can use this function e.g. to check if the message was written by the owner of the private key.
calling check_vardump() to display combinations of scalar and non-scalar variables using var_dump()
class with private member, static member, constant and constructor to initialize the private member
end up at BOF so that randomly generated seek offsets below will know where they are supposed to be
expected: true check the filesize and content close the file, get the size and content of the file.
for tables with only basic entities, this member is to be accessed directly for better performance:
intval() should not be used on objects, as doing so will emit an E_NOTICE level error and return 1.
loop through each element of the values array for 'val' argument  check the working of array_fill()
loop through to get all 256 character's equivelent binary value, and check working of strncasecmp()
mb_stripos() returns the numeric position of the first occurrence of needle in the haystack string.
offsetUnset is used for deleting an existing file, and is called by the unset() language construct.
openssl_x509_export_to_file() stores x509 into a file named by outfilename in a PEM encoded format.
testing sort() by providing integer/string object arrays with flag values are defualt, SORT_REGULAR
udp The User Datagram Protocol is a connectionless, unreliable, protocol with fixed record lengths.
unpack() works slightly different from Perl as the unpacked data is stored in an associative array.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.pdoexception.php )  Represents an error raised by PDO.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/emptyiterator.valid.php )  The EmptyIterator valid() method.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/exception.gettrace.php )  Returns the Exception stack trace.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/filteriterator.current.php )  Get the current element value.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/iteratoriterator.rewind.php )  Rewinds to the first element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionextension.getname.php )  Gets the extensions name.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/spldoublylinkedlist.serialize.php )  Serializes the storage.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getpathname.php )  Returns the path to the file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.isreadable.php )  Check if the file is readable.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the current entry can be iterated over, otherwise returns FALSE.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the doubly linked list contains any more nodes, FALSE otherwise.
@return     mixed   Returns an integer, which is the zero-based index of the current inner iterator.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if every character in text is an uppercase letter in the current locale.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if fd is an open descriptor connected to a terminal and FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the string has possible security or spoofing issues, FALSE otherwise.
@return mixed - PDOStatement::fetchColumn() returns a single column in the next row of a result set.
@return mixed - Returns a particular section of the body of the specified messages as a text string.
@return mixed - Returns array with information about the parsed date on success or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - mb_strcut() returns the portion of str specified by the start and length parameters.
@return mixed - mb_substr() returns the portion of str specified by the start and length parameters.
@return string - Returns the IPv4 address or a string containing the unmodified hostname on failure.
After the ttl has passed, the stored variable will be expunged from the cache (on the next request).
Alternatively one might chose to entirely override a method like the garbage collection callback gc.
An optional alignment specifier that says if the result should be left-justified or right-justified.
And as of PHP 5.4.0, call-time pass-by-reference was removed, so using it will raise a fatal error."
Any kind of socket or Memcached server level errors (except out-of-memory) may trigger the failover.
Attempt to satisfy the given constraint and, if successful, incrementally update the dataflow graph.
Available flags Flag Description FILE_USE_INCLUDE_PATH Search for filename in the include directory.
Because of the MessageFormatter class, the program does not need to know the order of the fragments.
Computes the difference of arrays with additional index check, compares data by a callback function.
Constraints that do no computation, such as stay and edit constraints, are not included in the plan.
Each callback that will be called will be passed an array of matched elements in the subject string.
Error: s declares only 'x', but at runtime it can also have a 'z' that we don't know anything about.
F - the argument is treated as a float, and presented as a floating-point number (non-locale aware).
First a / as starting delimiter, then then pattern, another / and finally a string containing flags.
For a given i/p string ensure that all combinations are generated given a reasonable sample of calls
For data that is larger than this (movies, music, Henry Kissinger's autobiography), use MongoGridFS.
For example, to retrieve options at the socket level, a level parameter of SOL_SOCKET would be used.
Handling of errors occurred in static methods when there's no object to get error code/message from.
If an error occurs, if the connection is reset, or if no data is available, buf will be set to NULL.
If so, techniques should be provided to prevent misuse, otherwise expect exceptions or fatal errors.
If split_length is  specified, break the string down into chunks each  split_length characters long.
If you're a Facebook employee, take a look at the JsonTestRunner class for the format specification.
Indexes of this array are not filter IDs, they can be obtained with filter_id() from a name instead.
Make sure you are aware of PHP's string syntax to know exactly how the interpreted string will look.
Operates as fprintf() but accepts an array of arguments, rather than a variable number of arguments.
Prototype  : proto array get_declared_traits() Description: Returns an array of all declared traits.
Returns a Set of the values produced by applying the specified callback on each value from this Set.
Returns a string representation of this date, similar to the representation returned by microtime().
Returns the attribute node in namespace namespaceURI with local name localName for the current node.
See List of Supported Protocols/Wrappers for more information about wrappers and their wrapper data.
Simple resources can be of the following typos: string, integer, binary data field or integer array.
Streams data from the source file pointer, apply encoding and write to the destination file pointer.
TODO: doesn't pass on ICU 3.6 because 'ru' and 'de' locales changed currency and percent formatting.
Test strncasecmp() function with upper-case and lower-case alphabets as inputs for 'str1' and 'str2'
Test that we can define our own custom ImmSet class as long as we're not in the top-level namespace.
Test that when two variables are referenced to one another the internal pointer is the same for both
Testing the functionality of array_merge_recursive() by passing  arrays having common key and value.
The callback can be from creating a connection, inducing an error condition, executing a query, etc.
This allows multiple-row inserts to be reproduced correctly on other servers in a replication setup.
This function fetches mail headers for the given sequence and returns an overview of their contents.
This function is similar to imap_qprint(), except this one does not require the IMAP module to work.
This function is the same as `m()`, but wraps the results into key/`ResultOrExceptionWrapper` pairs.
This function returns the names of all the functions defined in the module indicated by module_name.
This has to be done before a connection is be established using socket_connect() or socket_listen().
This is to trigger a specific refcounting bug in the VM, to do with object initialization templates.
This method does not actually follow the reference, so it does not determine if it is broken or not.
This method is useful when you prefer just to get null on error, as if you called collator_create().
This will make the processor use the default value for the parameter as specified in the stylesheet.
This works on both built-in extensions and dynamically loaded ones (either through php.ini or dl()).
UTF-8 is a standard mechanism used by Unicode for encoding wide character values into a byte stream.
Using antialiased primitives with transparent background color can end with some unexpected results.
Warning  On exit, the arrays are modified to indicate which socket resource actually changed status.
We count the objects we leave on the stack, and expect the destruct count to be quite close to that.
call fgetcsv() to parse csv fields read the line which is a blank line to see the working of fgetcsv
flags is also set, which contains a bitmask which can be checked against any of the above constants.
however, this shows the old value, 1  /* try to define some constants with non-scalar initial values
imagecreatetruecolor() returns an image identifier representing a black image of the specified size.
loop through to go each and every element in an array  and comparing the elements with one and other
posix_getrlimit() returns an array of information about the current resource's soft and hard limits.
shm_detach() disconnects from the shared memory given by the shm_identifier created by shm_attach().
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/appenditerator.construct.php )  Constructs an AppendIterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getconstant.php )  Gets the defined constant.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.getdoccomment.php )  Gets the doc comment.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.getvalue.php )  Gets the properties value.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/sessionhandlerinterface.gc.php )  Cleans up expired sessions.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getextension.php )  Retrieves the file extension.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.seek.php )  Seek to specified line in the file.
(excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splqueue.enqueue.php)  Enqueues value at the end of the queue.
* Boolean operand with all kinds of operands, swapping them over to make LHS/RHS order is irrelevent.
* Numeric strings with all kinds of operands, swapping them over to make LHS/RHS order is irrelevent.
* take an undefined parameter passed byRef, and pass it byRef where the underlying value is modified.
- Diff files showing the tests names and results that are different than expected for the test suite.
- Multiple test suites are run in separate processes, making the entire testing process a bit faster.
@iterator_class string   Specify the class that will be used for iteration of the ArrayObject object.
@maxlifetime mixed   Sessions that have not updated for the last maxlifetime seconds will be removed.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the parameter is callable, FALSE if it is not or NULL on failure.
@return ReflectionClass   A ReflectionClass object of the class that the reflected method is part of.
@return array - Returns a two-dimensional associative array of server statistics or FALSE on failure.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the mode is for use with block algorithms, otherwise it returns FALSE.
@return bool - This function returns FALSE if the timezone_identifier isn't valid, or TRUE otherwise.
@return int - Returns the number of columns in the result set represented by the PDOStatement object.
@return mixed - An array including the position of a matched part for a multibyte regular expression.
@return mixed - Returns the numeric position of the last occurrence of needle in the haystack string.
@throws LogicException if mode MIT_NEED_ALL is set and at least one attached Iterator is not valid().
A class value of 01 indicates a warning and is accompanied by a return code of SQL_SUCCESS_WITH_INFO.
All we can do is make a few dummy calls to ensure that all codes gets executed which checks the flag.
Called by session_write_close(), when session_register_shutdown() fails, or during a normal shutdown.
Causes a store to add the specified flag to the flags set for the messages in the specified sequence.
Collect existing system locales and set one among them, Check the currency settings in the new locale
For archives in tar or zip file format, this method converts the archive to a non-executable archive.
Get the error code from last operation  Returns error code from the last number formatting operation.
Having the PHP directive magic_quotes_sybase set to on will mean ' is instead escaped with another '.
I know that the parent routes all requests through top() so this is the only method I need to change.
If length is omitted, the substring starting from start until the end of the string will be returned.
If multiple values can be considered of the same size, the one that is listed first will be returned.
If no length is specified, it will keep reading from the stream until it reaches the end of the line.
If the PDOStatement object was returned from PDO::query(), the column count is immediately available.
If two or more columns of the result have the same field names, the last column will take precedence.
Keys are cache-unique, so storing a second value with the same key will overwrite the original value.
List of possible limits returned Limit name Limit description core The maximum size of the core file.
Otherwise, if optional parameters are passed, the function will return the number of assigned values.
PDO::errorCode() only retrieves error codes for operations performed directly on the database handle.
Pass in a problem as an OAuthException, with possible problems listed in the OAuth constants section.
Removes the deletion flag for a specified message, which is set by imap_delete() or imap_mail_move().
Returned by reference from Redis::sockReadData() Depending on the type of data returned by the server
Returns a Vector of all the values from this ImmVector for which the specified callback returns true.
Returns a new Map of all the keys/values from this Map for which the specified callback returns true.
Sets the value of one or more parameters to be used in subsequent transformations with XSLTProcessor.
Testing fgetcsv() to read a file containing blank line when provided with  default enclosure argument
Testing fgetcsv() to read from a file when provided with delimiter and  enclosure values both as NULL
The fuzz member of image defines how much tolerance is acceptable to consider two colors as the same.
The library must be located in the directory specified in the configure option sqlite3.extension_dir.
The old archive is not removed from disk, and should be done manually after the process has finished.
The repeater argument can be either an integer value or * for repeating to the end of the input data.
The starting point for the fill is x, y (top left is 0, 0) and the region is filled with color color.
The text node is determined to contain whitespace in element content during the load of the document.
The timeout is an upper bound on the amount of time that stream_select() will wait before it returns.
This function discards the contents of the topmost output buffer and turns off this output buffering.
This function is similar to ob_end_flush(), except that this function returns the buffer as a string.
This is typically "could not find hhconfig", which of course uses the same exit code as "type error".
This means that MongoDB::lastError() will return a generic database error after running this command.
Using characters outside of this range in the salt will cause crypt() to return a zero-length string.
We have a warning after the tests have supposedly started but we really don't have a test to examine.
When an element is added or removed, all iterators that point to the Set shall be considered invalid.
You may want to call `escapeString()` to ensure that any queries out of your direct control are safe.
keys are cache-unique, so storing a second value with the same key will overwrite the original value.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.append.php )  Appends value as the last element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.offsetexists.php )  Checks if the offset exists.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.offsetunset.php )  Unsets a value for an offset.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.norewinditerator.php )  This iterator cannot be rewound.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/emptyiterator.current.php )  This function must not be called.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/iteratoriterator.valid.php )  Checks if the iterator is valid.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunction.export.php )  Exports a Reflected function.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunction.invoke.php )  Invokes a reflected function.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.isfinal.php )  Checks if the method is final.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.fstat.php )  Gathers the statistics of the file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.valid.php )  Check whether EOF has been reached.
@return     bool   If parameters default value is constant, or NULL if a default value does not exist.
@return     mixed   Returns a string containing a single character read from the file or FALSE on EOF.
@return array - Localtime compatible array of integers : contains 24 hour clock value in tm_hour field
@return bool - Returns TRUE if every character in text is either a letter or a digit, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if every character in text will actually create output (including blanks).
@return bool - Returns TRUE if every character in the string text is a decimal digit, FALSE otherwise.
@return mixed - Returns a copy of the input padded to size specified by pad_size with value pad_value.
@return mixed - Returns the binary representation of the given hexidecimal string or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns the numeric position of the first occurrence of needle in the haystack string.
@return mixed - The new node of the same type, which contains all the content at and after the offset.
@return string - Returns the content type in MIME format, like text/plain or application/octet-stream.
Although this function can handle dates all the way back to 4713 B.C., such use may not be meaningful.
Although this function can handle dates all the way back to 4714 B.C., such use may not be meaningful.
Calls the registered token handler callback function, which is set with OAuthProvider::tokenHandler().
Computes the intersection of arrays with additional index check, compares data by a callback function.
Converts Julian Day Count to a string containing the Gregorian date in the format of "month/day/year".
Creates a file with a unique filename, with access permission set to 0600, in the specified directory.
Details: Cycles are detected when a marked variable is encountered downstream of the given constraint.
Details: If satifying the constraint is successful, it may override a weaker constraint on its output.
For additional information see: RFC 2782    NAPTR  order and pref: Equivalent to pri and weight above.
For example, PDO_PGSQL() requires you to specify the name of a sequence object for the name parameter.
For objects, if you have SPL installed, you can hook into count() by implementing interface Countable.
Get the values of the public consts defined on this class, indexed by the string name of those consts.
If not given, the default compression level will be the default compression level of the zlib library.
If start is negative, the returned string will start at the start'th character from the end of string.
If the internal pointer for the array points past the end of the array contents, each() returns FALSE.
If the object is from the database, update the existing database object, otherwise insert this object.
It is possible to format 64-bit number on 32-bit machine by passing it as double and using TYPE_INT64.
Its operation is equivalent to that of the socket_select() function except in that it acts on streams.
Multibyte string was not returning error message until offset was passed the byte count of the string.
Note that some database/driver combinations may not support all of the database connection attributes.
Prototype  : proto array get_declared_classes() Description: Returns an array of all declared classes.
Replaces the child node oldChild with newChild in the list of children, and returns the oldChild node.
Returns the index of the color of the pixel at the specified location in the image specified by image.
Set pattern used by the formatter  Valid only if the formatter is using pattern and is not rule-based.
Sets the calendar used to the appropriate calendar, which must be  one of the constants defined above.
Test throwing exceptions from surprise flags things (OOM, signals, and req timeout all work this way).
The channel argument affects only if Imagick is compiled against ImageMagick version 6.4.4 or greater.
The default limit is 30 seconds or, if it exists, the max_execution_time value defined in the php.ini.
The dngettext() function allows you to override the current domain for a single plural message lookup.
The key is the argument name and the value is the xdebug-specific serialization of the argument value.
The same options are supported through the options array as well, and are therefore redescribed there.
There is a default of 60 seconds to run each test, but this can be shortened or lengthened as desired.
This function is called `mf` because we are returning a `m`ap, and we are doing a `f`apping operation.
This function is similar to `Vector::map()`, but the mapping of the values is done using `Awaitable`s.
This function is similar to ob_get_flush(), except that ob_get_flush() returns the buffer as a string.
This function should be used to escape individual arguments to shell functions coming from user input.
This is a no-op for heaps as the iterator is virtual and in fact never moves from the top of the heap.
This should be the same as the username parameter used when calling the function, and hence redundant.
To make cookies visible on all subdomains then the domain must be prefixed with a dot like '.php.net'.
Use the gettype() to get the type of regular data and use settype()  to change its type to other types
Variation 1 : Creating links across directories where linkname is stored as an object and array member
When you set it to an empty string (""), the value set by the mcrypt.algorithms_dir directive is used.
array will have the default key values (0-9) and each value is the corresponding key written in words.
call fgetcsv() to parse csv fields now file pointer should point to end of the file, try reading again
change this next line to true to use good-old hand-assembled go-pear-bundle from the snapshot template
check that new locale setting is effective use localeconv() to get the details of currently set locale
no result set, one input parameter, output parameter yes, I really do not want to bind input values...
openssl_x509_checkpurpose() examines a certificate to see if it can be used for the specified purpose.
openssl_x509_free() frees the certificate associated with the specified x509cert resource from memory.
testing sort() by providing different unexpected values for array argument with following flag values.
we assume the above as test_mysqli_get_client_stats_table_1ed and in the following we check only those
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.offsetset.php )  Sets a value for a given offset.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.reflectionexception.php )  The ReflectionException class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.serializable.php )  Interface for customized serializing.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/iteratoriterator.key.php )  Get the key of the current element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursivedirectoryiterator.getsubpath.php )  Gets the sub path.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.istrait.php )  Returns whether this is a trait.
(excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splqueue.dequeue.php)  Dequeues value from the top of the queue.
@obj        mixed   If the property is non-static an object must be provided to change the property on.
@return     mixed   Returns the number of characters read from handle and passed through to the output.
@return     mixed   The method returns a PharData object on success and throws an exception on failure.
@return     mixed   The value or priority (or both) of the current node, depending on the extract flag.
@return - An `ImmVector` that contains values after the specified `n`-th element in the current `Pair`.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the interface given by interface_name has been defined, FALSE otherwise.
@return int - This function returns the maximum supported key size of the algorithm specified in bytes.
@return mixed - Returns a string containing a single character read from the file pointed to by handle.
@return mixed - Returns the full text of the last IMAP error message that occurred on the current page.
@return mixed - socket_recvfrom() returns the number of bytes received, or FALSE if there was an error.
@return object - This function returns a new instance of the class DOMNodeList of all matched elements.
A "Locale" is an identifier used to get language, culture, or regionally-specific behavior from an API.
An `AsyncMysqlConnectResult` provides information about the timing for creating the current connection.
Collect existing system locales and prepare a list of locales that can be used as  input to setlocale()
Counts the number of occurrences of every byte-value (0..255) in string and returns it in various ways.
Even if it succeeds, the subsequent calls should not crash which is what this test is trying to verify.
For now, we don't grow tuple-like arrays - appending to them just downgrades them to vector-like arrays
Generates a string of pseudo-random bytes, with the number of bytes determined by the length parameter.
However, any useful data that describes a file, but should not be contained inside of it may be stored.
If all the arrays have the same length, max() will use lexicographic ordering to find the return value.
If data is a stream resource, the remaining buffer of that stream will be copied to the specified file.
If no messages match the criteria, your script will wait until a suitable message arrives on the queue.
If no such link is found, it will try to create one as if mysql_connect() was called with no arguments.
If start is negative, the returned string will start at the start'th character from the  end of string.
If the socket is non-blocking then this function returns FALSE with an error Operation now in progress.
If the stack is activated and empty after unregistering the given function then it will be deactivated.
If this length is greater than the buffer length, it is silently truncated to the length of the buffer.
If we hit a fatal or something, we will stop the overall test running for this particular test sequence
If you would like to delete the contents of a buffer, return "" (a null string) from callback function.
If you would like to get whatever results mongos can provide and no exception, you can use this method.
In case a file name is given as first parameter, the name is relative to the current working directory.
In the event it is not, print a nice error message indicating that this script will not run without it.
It's possible to iterate over shape-like array and it behaves as map-like array - usage with no errors.
It's possible to iterate over tuple-like array and it behaves as vec-like array - usage with no errors.
Note also that the complexity of this algorithm is O(N**3) where N is the length of the longest string.
Note that this parameter is always treated as an ASCII string regardless of the value of input-charset.
Now that we have our first non-blank line, print out the test information until we have our final stats
Now, we want PEAR.php, Getopt.php (Console_Getopt) and Tar.php (Archive_Tar) broken out of the tarballs
One part of the options governs how the driver reads from secondary nodes in a replica set environment.
Pass a directory handle pointing to a directory that has a sub-directory to test behaviour of readdir()
Pass an array with different data types as keys to test how array_merge  adds it onto an existing array
Pass characters from different languages to check that mb_strtoupper is doing a correct case conversion
Picks one ore more random entries out of an array, and returns the key (or keys) of the random entries.
Regression test: running autocomplete on a file with erroneous typeconst used to crash the typechecker.
Return an empty string instead of false for new sessions as false values cause sessions to fail to init
Returns a ImmMap of all the keys/values from this ImmMap for which the specified callback returns true.
Returns the integer value of var, using the specified base for the conversion (the default is base 10).
Returns the length of the initial segment of str1 which does not contain any of the characters in str2.
Right now (ICU 4.6), this API doesn't actually do anything, but let's at least verify it doesn't crash.
Setting this value to a value less than or equal to zero, will turn off an already set timeout handler.
Strengths cannot be created outside this class, so pointer comparison can be used for value comparison.
TODO - more report testing should go in here, but it's not really documented what behaviour is expected
Test each power of two, +/- 1 and the negatives of them Test a single number and packed inside an array
Test nl2br() function by passing different types of values other than  expected type for 'str' argument
Test nl2br() function by passing html string inputs containing line breaks and new line chars for 'str'
Test situations where traits cause duplicate property names when preparing the array for 86pinit setup.
Test strncmp() function with the length as all types, and giving the same strings for 'str1' and 'str2'
Test that we can define our own custom ImmVector class as long as we're not in the top-level namespace.
The interface has exactly one method, count(), which returns the return value for the count() function.
The pcntl_sigprocmask() function adds, removes or sets blocked signals, depending on the how parameter.
These flags depend on the operation mode parameter: - RegexIterator::ALL_MATCHES: See preg_match_all().
This function is an alternative to PDOStatement::fetch() with PDO::FETCH_CLASS or PDO::FETCH_OBJ style.
This function is only available if your system supports it and you're using the CLI, CGI or Embed SAPI.
This function is usually called after building a new dom document from scratch as in the example below.
This function tries to return a string with all NUL bytes, HTML and PHP tags stripped from a given str.
This is useful to quickly determine the version of the client library to know if some capability exits.
This method acts as if you saved and then loaded the document, putting the document in a "normal" form.
This specifier forces positive numbers to have the + sign attached as well, and was added in PHP 4.3.0.
Toggles the compression status of HipHop output, if headers have already been sent this may be ignored.
Trait that ensures that all mutableish methods that are implemented by immutable vectors throws errors.
Uncomment this line if you have libxml 2.6.17 or CVS version after 2005/02/22 earlier versions segfault
Under PHP, if omitted, the crypto_type context option on the stream's SSL context will be used instead.
We don't have a cached vendor/, but as --local-source-only wasn't specified, we can try to download it.
We want to confirm that all fields are initialized correctly and that the destructor does not segfault.
You can think of a row just like you do a database row that might be returned as a result from a query.
checking for type FALSE in multidimensional array with loose checking, result:false in loose type check
class with protected member, static member, constant and consturctor to initialize the protected member
filetype() will also produce an E_NOTICE message if the stat call fails or if the file type is unknown.
iconv.internal_encoding  UTF-8   line-length integer  Specifies the maximum length of the header lines.
msg_get_queue() returns an id that can be used to access the System V message queue with the given key.
passing different integer values for 'split_length' and heredoc string as 'str' argument to str_split()
prints "Hello, hello" in HPHP, but we disallow it because we don't like interpolated nested expressions
returns element count in the resulting array after arguments are pushed to beginning of the given array
testing asort() by providing different unexpected values for array argument with following flag values.
wrapper_type (string) - a label describing the protocol wrapper implementation layered over the stream.
'this' as a method parameter is treated as the 'static' type when type checking within the given method.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayaccess.offsetexists.php )  Whether or not an offset exists.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.construct.php )  This constructs a new array object.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/iteratoriterator.getinneriterator.php )  Get the inner iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/norewinditerator.construct.php )  Constructs a NoRewindIterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.functionabstract.php )  Gets the namespace name.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionextension.export.php )  Exports a reflected extension.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.ispublic.php )  Checks if the method is public.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.isstatic.php )  Checks if the method is static.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionobject.construct.php )  Constructs a ReflectionObject.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/sessionhandlerinterface.close.php )  Closes the current session.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.ftruncate.php )  Truncates the file to size bytes.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splheap.valid.php )  Checks if the heap contains any more nodes.
( excerpt* http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getproperties.php )  Retrieves reflected properties.
@obj        mixed   If the property is non-static an object must be provided to fetch the property from.
@return     mixed   An iterator for the current entry, if it can be iterated over by the inner iterator.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the file exists and is a regular file (not a link), FALSE otherwise.
@return boolean 'true' if successful, 'false' if an error occurred or if the calendar was not recognized
@return int - Returns FALSE if the attribute is not found, otherwise returns the value of the attribute.
@return int - Returns the old error_reporting level or the current level if no level parameter is given.
@return mixed - Returns a numerically indexed array of encoding aliases on success, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns an error message string, or FALSE if there are no more error messages to return.
A "Locale" is an identifier used to get language, culture, or regionally-specific  behavior from an API.
A query can optionally be nested in a "query" field if other options, such as a sort or hint, are given.
Although implode() can, for historical reasons, accept its parameters in either order, explode() cannot.
Builds a new Vector by concatenating the values of this Map with the elements of the specified Iterable.
Check that extra function arguments aren't leaked when variable variables are used in the same function.
Currently (Feb 10, 2005) CVS HEAD fails with the following message: Fatal error: Invalid opcode 137/1/8.
Data has been fetched   FALSE Error occurred   NULL No more rows/data exists or data truncation occurred
Deletes all the messages marked for deletion by imap_delete(), imap_mail_move(), or imap_setflag_full().
EXPECTF is used here since the error format may change but ut  should always contain 'Division by zero'.
For Zip-based archives, this method compresses all files in the archive using the specified compression.
For the below strings: 'English' is ASCII only, 'Japanese' has no ASCII characters and 'Greek' is mixed.
If a non-numeric value is used for timestamp, FALSE is returned and an E_WARNING level error is emitted.
If we hit what we think is the final stats based on the pattern of the line, make sure this is the case.
Indicates whether attribute in namespace namespaceURI named localName exists as a member of the element.
It is useful if you disabled register_globals, but would like to see some variables in the global scope.
It takes a kind ('class', 'function' or 'constant') and the name of the entity we're trying to autoload.
Properties of the object have their normal functionality when accessed as list (var_dump, foreach, etc.)
Prototype  : array get_defined_functions  ( void  ) Description: Gets an array of all defined functions.
Prototype  : mixed getcwd(void) Description: Gets the current directory  Source code: ext/standard/dir.c
RecursiveIteratorIterator::CHILD_FIRST - Lists leaves and parents in iteration with leaves coming first.
RecursiveIteratorIterator::SELF_FIRST - Lists leaves and parents in iteration with parents coming first.
Returns the actual rows returned by the successful query, each row including the values for each column.
Set a date according to the ISO 8601  standard - using weeks and day offsets rather than specific dates.
Test strtr() function: with unexpected inputs for 'replace_pairs'  and expected type for 'str' arguments
Test whether the constructor of the user-space stream wrapper is called when stream functions are called
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when default enclosure value and delimiter of two chars is provided
The envelope key is generated when the data are sealed and can only be used by one specific private key.
The way we test the INSERT and data types overlaps with the mysqli_stmt_bind_result test in large parts.
This function is similar to `Map::filter()`, but the filtering of the values is done using `Awaitable`s.
This function returns a new instance of class DOMNodeList containing the elements with a given tag name.
This function returns meaningful value only if last odbc query failed (i.e. odbc_exec() returned FALSE).
This handler function needs to accept one parameter, which will be the exception object that was thrown.
This is a copy of zend/bad/ext/pcntl/tests/003.php 003.php.skipif is overly-cautious, so skips this test
To do this you use an array of link identifiers, rather than a single identifier, as the first argument.
Unlike Phar::isWritable(), data-only tar/zip archives can be modified even if phar.readonly is set to 1.
Usage of literal syntax for collections has been modified to make use of the syntax within this library.
Warning  Throwing exceptions in SplHeap::compare() can corrupt the Heap and place it in a blocked state.
Where the encryption is done, you should free the encryption buffers by calling mcrypt_generic_deinit().
are constructor promoted Assume the framework unit tests will be run in parallel until otherwise proven.
fgetcsv() returns NULL if an invalid handle is supplied or FALSE on other errors, including end of file.
filters (array) - and array containing the names of any filters that have been stacked onto this stream.
imagecreatefromstring() returns an image identifier representing the image obtained from the given data.
loop to check that strval() recognizes different  scalar values and retuns the string conversion of same
mysqlnd makes a connection created through mysql_init()/mysqli_real_connect() always a 'persistent' one.
on windows, time_sleep_until has millisecond accuracy while microtime() is accurate to 10th of a second.
returns element count in the resulting array after arguments are pushed to  beginning of the given array
testing arsort() by providing different unexpected values for array argument with following flag values.
this tests if the cache is working correctly, as the char tables must be rebuilt after the locale change
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/pharfileinfo.construct.php )  This should not be called directly.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getinterfacenames.php )  Get the interface names.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getstartline.php )  Get the starting line number.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/regexiterator.getregex.php )  Returns current regular expression.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.isexecutable.php )  Checks if the file is executable.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splheap.rewind.php )  This rewinds the iterator to the beginning.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splpriorityqueue.compare.php )  Compare priority1 with priority2.
@param options - This is a bitmask that xdebug uses for options XDEBUG_CC_UNUSED and XDEBUG_CC_DEAD_CODE.
@return     mixed   The name of the extension which defined the class, or FALSE for user-defined classes.
@return - The `ImmVector` that combines the values of the current `Pair` with the provided `Traversable`.
@return array - Two elements, 0 is a bool whether function was invoked, 1 is the return value if invoked.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if every character in text creates some sort of white space, FALSE otherwise.
@return int - 100 if the server is very healthy, and 0 if the server should not receive any more request.
@since PHP 5.1  This kind of exception should be used to inform about domain erors in mathematical sense.
Calculates the MD5 hash of the file specified by the filename parameter using the RSA Data Security, Inc.
Check and make sure that the server is always online, and old server exits after a finite amount of time.
Check for size of existing data file before opening the file in "w" mode again, expected: size of content
Collect existing system locales and get three locales that can be use to  pass as argument to setlocale()
Converts specified character codes in string str from HTML numeric character reference to character code.
Disable redirects from being followed automatically, thus allowing the request to be manually redirected.
Each parameter can be either a string containing the name of the variable, or an array of variable names.
From the mysql_change_user documentation: This command resets the state as if one had done a new connect.
Gets the list of implemented interfaces/inherited classes needed to implement an interface / use a trait.
Gets the value of the attribute in namespace namespaceURI with local name localName for the current node.
If needle is not a string, it is converted to an integer and applied as the ordinal value of a character.
If replace has fewer values than search, then an empty  string is used for the rest of replacement values
If replace has fewer values than search, then an empty string is used for the rest of replacement values.
If the desired protocol is TCP, or UDP the corresponding constants SOL_TCP, and SOL_UDP can also be used.
In mode MIT_NEED_ALL we expect all sub iterators to be valid and return false on the first non valid one.
In non-pagelet mode, expecting Italian date and decimal point format: 3,142 and venerdi 22 dicembre 1978.
It has been removed in the meantime, but should be added back in when HHVM adds support for this feature.
It will also override Mongo::setSlaveOkay(), MongoDB::setSlaveOkay() and MongoCollection::setSlaveOkay().
MYSQLI_STMT_ATTR_CURSOR_TYPE  Type of cursor to open for statement when mysqli_stmt_execute() is invoked.
Manually checkout release appropriate system branch See: https://github.com/kohana/kohana/wiki/developers
NULL is returned if the json cannot be decoded or if the encoded data is deeper than the recursion limit.
Please see your system's waitpid(2) man page for specific details as to how waitpid works on your system.
Prior to 5.3, PHP would determine the available algorithms at install-time based on the system's crypt().
Prototype  : array imap_errors  ( void  ) Description: Returns all of the IMAP errors that have occurred.
Reference two arrays to each other then call reset() to test position of  internal pointer in both arrays
Returns a Map of the keys/values produced by applying the specified callback on each value from this Map.
Returns the index of the color in the palette of the image which is "closest" to the specified RGB value.
Send to pagelet multiple times to ensure the previously set locale does not linger into the next request.
Sets the consumer handler callback, which will later be called with OAuthProvider::callConsumerHandler().
Simple framework for running the benchmark suites and computing a score based on the timing measurements.
Test stripos() function with null terminated strings for 'needle' argument  in order to check binary safe
Test strncasecmp() function with the unexpected values, and giving the same strings for 'str1' and 'str2'
Test strrpos() function with null terminated strings for 'needle' argument  in order to check binary safe
Test that multiline double-quoted strings with curly braces don't mess up line numbers in error messages.
The REPLACE statement first deletes the record with the same primary key and then inserts the new record.
The implicit COMMIT will prevent you from rolling back any other changes within the transaction boundary.
They will be treated as though you called PDOStatement::setFetchMode() on the resultant statement object.
This allows related items to be grouped together on a single server for efficiency with multi operations.
This function is called `vf` because we are returning a `v`ector, and we are doing a `f`apping operation.
This function is called `vm` because we are returning a `v`ector, and we are doing a `m`apping operation.
This function is similar to `Vector::filter()`, but the mapping of the values is done using `Awaitable`s.
This invalid UTF-8 subsequence prevents users from entering this string to prevent accidental collisions.
This is either the first time we run the unit tests, and all pass because we are establishing a baseline.
Variation 2 : Create file Create soft/hard link to it Read link using readfile() Delete file and its link
What the test_mysqli_stmt_num_rows_table_1 does is cover an implementation detail of the mysqlnd library.
When the value in array is scalar, it will be replaced by the value in array1, may it be scalar or array.
X - the argument is treated as an integer and presented as a hexadecimal number (with uppercase letters).
call fgetcsv() to parse csv fields read the next line which is a blank line to see the working of fgetcsv
hphp_get_static_property() - Used by ReflectionProperty to get the value of a static property on a class.
hphp_set_static_property() - Used by ReflectionProperty to set the value of a static property on a class.
imagecreatefromgif() returns an image identifier representing the image obtained from the given filename.
imagecreatefrompng() returns an image identifier representing the image obtained from the given filename.
imagecreatefromxbm() returns an image identifier representing the image obtained from the given filename.
imagecreatefromxpm() returns an image identifier representing the image obtained from the given filename.
mysqli_ping() cannot be tested, because one would need to cause an error inside the C function to test it
now the same with a class that defines the property itself, that should give the expected strict warning.
passing different heredoc strings as 'ending' argument to chunk_split()  'chunklen' argument is set to 10
proto bool function_exists(string function_name) Function is implemented in Zend/zend_builtin_functions.c
uid User ID, should be the same as the uid parameter used when calling the function, and hence redundant.
x - the argument is treated as an integer and presented as a hexadecimal number (with lowercase letters).
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.construct.php )  Constructs an ArrayIterator object.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.append.php )  Appends a new value as the last element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/iteratoraggregate.getiterator.php )  Returns an external iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.isabstract.php )  Checks if the class is abstract.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.isprivate.php )  Checks if the method is private.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.getname.php )  Gets the name of the parameter.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.rewind.php )  Rewinds the iterator to the beginning.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.current.php )  Returns the current storage entry.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splpriorityqueue.next.php )  Extracts the top node from the queue.
@alias      mixed   A shorthand string that this archive can be referred to in phar stream wrapper access.
@extension  mixed   This parameter is used to override the default file extension for a converted archive.
@return bool - The Memcached::getResultCode will return Memcached::RES_NOTFOUND if the key does not exist.
@return mixed - Returns TRUE on success, FALSE on failure and an array with error keys if passed an array.
@return mixed - The node at the indexth position in the DOMNodeList, or NULL if that is not a valid index.
@return string - Returns a decoded MIME field on success, or FALSE if an error occurs during the decoding.
@stub       mixed   A string or an open stream handle to use as the executable stub for this phar archive.
All numerical array keys will be modified to start counting from zero while literal keys won't be touched.
An invalid json string which will cause an syntax error, in this case we used ' instead of " for quotation
Builds a new Vector by concatenating the elements of this Set with the elements of the specified Iterable.
Check for size of existing data file before opening the file in "w+" mode again, expected: size of content
Check for size of existing data file before opening the file in "wb" mode again, expected: size of content
Check for size of existing data file before opening the file in "wt" mode again, expected: size of content
Checking the behavior of dir() function by passing directories which have valid and invalid relative path.
Constants defined from moduleInit() such as AF_INET should still be visible to defined() even in repo mode
From php.net/foreach: "Unless the array is referenced, foreach operates on a copy of the specified array."
If 'sz' is smaller than the current size of this Vector, elements are removed from the end of this Vector.
If a collection name contains strange characters, you may have to use MongoDB::selectCollection() instead.
If desired, the NULL value may be passed resulting in only changing the user and not selecting a database.
If the optional sorting_order is set to non-zero, then the sort order is alphabetical in descending order.
If the original node had a parent node, the new node is inserted as the next sibling of the original node.
If the sum of offset and count exceeds the length, then all characters to the end of the data are deleted.
If type is omitted or set to "all", iconv_get_encoding() returns an array that stores all these variables.
If you do not want the function to append elements, call unset() on the array before passing it to exec().
In SQL safe mode, this parameter is ignored and the name of the user that owns the server process is used.
It can be the field's offset, the field's name, or the field's table dot field name (tablename.fieldname).
It is also useful for reading status information provided by those programs on auxiliary file descriptors.
It's a deprecated function, but we have not announce the removal so far, therefore we need to check for it
Make sure the weird trait importation syntax works when interleaved with normal XHP attribute declarations
On the continuous integration server, it's not unlikely that we'll fail to bind one of these random ports.
Otherwise, fpassthru() returns the number of characters read from handle and passed through to the output.
PDO::ATTR_AUTOCOMMIT (available in OCI, Firebird and MySQL): Whether to autocommit every single statement.
Pass different integers to ctype_digit() to test which character codes are considered valid decimal digits
Please see the Floating point numbers section in the manual for more specific information and limitations.
Returns a ImmSet of the values produced by applying the specified callback on each value from this ImmSet.
Returns a Vector of the values produced by applying the specified callback on each value from this Vector.
Returns new Awaitable that will produce the next (key, value) Pair, or null if the iteration has finished.
Returns whether the type of failure that produced the exception was a general connection or query failure.
Scans the data from the given file pointer and extract each embedded uuencoded file into a temporary file.
See the example below for which statements provide information, and what the returned value may look like.
Shape-like arrays preserve element types when used with class constants - usage that should report errors.
Testing fgetcsv() to read from a file when provided with the length argument value less than the line size
Testing the sizeof() for non-scalar type(array) value  in default, COUNT_NORMAL and COUNT_RECURSIVE modes.
The caller is expected to make the appropriate add/set/addAll/setAll calls to fill this reserved capacity.
There might still have occurred problems on individual transfers even when this function returns CURLM_OK.
This allows related items to be grouped together on a single server for efficiency with multi operations..
This class provides round-trip and callback timing information for various operations on the MySQL client.
This exit() should prevent the destructor for this clas from running, as well as any up-stack destructors.
This function can be used e.g. to encrypt message which can be then read only by owner of the private key.
This function can be used e.g. to sign data (or its hash) to prove that it is not written by someone else.
This function is automatically executed when closing the session, or explicitly via session_write_close().
This function is identical to calling fopen(), fwrite() and fclose() successively to write data to a file.
This function is similar to DOMDocument::getElementsByTagName but searches for an element with a given id.
This information can be used to know how the performance of the MySQL client may have affected the result.
We therefore collect a list of unsatisfied downstream constraints and attempt to satisfy each one in turn.
When a caller passes a Map to a callee, the callee can modify the Map and the caller will see the changes.
When a caller passes a Set to a callee, the callee can modify the Set and the caller will see the changes.
You can check which server was used for this query by calling MongoCursor::info() after running the query.
array_replace() replaces the values of the first array with the same values from all the following arrays.
gid Group ID, should be the same as the gid parameter used when calling the function, and hence redundant.
hphp_get_property() - Used by ReflectionProperty to get the value of a property on an instance of a class.
hphp_set_property() - Used by ReflectionProperty to set the value of a property on an instance of a class.
imagecreatefromjpeg() returns an image identifier representing the image obtained from the given filename.
imagecreatefromwbmp() returns an image identifier representing the image obtained from the given filename.
imagesetthickness() sets the thickness of the lines drawn when drawing rectangles, polygons, ellipses etc.
mysql_fetch_row() fetches one row of data from the result associated with the specified result identifier.
strict Since finale class cannot be overridden, that also means their type constants cannot be overridden.
strict This test that expression display ids are properly reset All hh_shows should report the same output
testing ksort() by providing different unexpected values for array argument with following flag values: 1.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/appenditerator.valid.php )  Checks validity of the current element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayaccess.offsetget.php )  Returns the value at specified offset.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.getprototype.php )  Returns the methods prototype.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/spldoublylinkedlist.next.php )  Move the iterator to the next node.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getatime.php )  Gets the last access time for the file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getperms.php )  Gets the file permissions for the file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.gettype.php )  Returns the type of the file referenced.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.next.php )  Moves ahead to the next line in the file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.detach.php )  Removes the object from the storage.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splpriorityqueue.current.php )  Get the current datastructure node.
1000 parser tokens should be enough for anyone (logic shared with test/slow/ext_misc/token_consistency.php)
@maxMemory  mixed   The maximum amount of memory (in bytes, default is 2 MB) for the temporary file to use.
@param bool cut - If the cut is set to true, the string is always wrapped at or before the specified width.
@return     mixed   An associative array with the ini entries as keys, with their defined values as values.
@return bool - The Memcached::getResultCode will return Memcached::RES_NOTSTORED if the key does not exist.
@return mixed - Returns an array containing all the values of array1 that are present in all the arguments.
@return mixed - preg_filter() returns an array if the subject parameter is an array, or a string otherwise.
A non-static closure has a bound instance if it has a scope and doesn't have an instance if it has no scope
All callback functions could be set with xml_set_element_handler() etc and assumed to be methods of object.
Based on MediaWiki's ApiFormatWddxTest The omitted data in the "b" variable previously caused a fatal error
Check for size of existing data file before opening the file in "w+b" mode again, expected: size of content
Check for size of existing data file before opening the file in "w+t" mode again, expected: size of content
Coerce to valid value or throw UnexpectedValueException This is useful for typing deserialized enum values.
For a SELECT statement that you only need to issue once during your program, consider issuing PDO::query().
For consistency with explode(), however, it may be less confusing to use the documented order of arguments.
For successful SELECT, SHOW, DESCRIBE or EXPLAIN queries mysqli_query() will return a mysqli_result object.
Generate OAuth header string signature based on the final HTTP method, URL and a string/array of parameters
Gets a list of all the collections in the database and returns them as an array of MongoCollection objects.
I.e. the occurrence of a postfix operator should have no impact on the parse of the rest of the expression.
ICU treats this three-byte sequence as one invalid two-byte code point followed by a valid ASCII character.
If a value has several occurrences, the latest key will be used as its values, and all others will be lost.
If no error messages gets printed do not know if proper usage of closeCursor() makes any difference or not.
If p is specified, match will be executed in POSIX mode, line break will be considered as normal character.
If start is given and is non-negative, then strspn() will begin examining subject at the start'th position.
If the PHP directive mysql.default_host is undefined (default), then the default value is 'localhost:3306'.
If the sum of offset and count exceeds the length, then all characters to the end of the data are replaced.
If we are running this framework with individual test mode (e.g., --by-test), then --filter already exists.
If you're interested in getting the last modification time of a different file, consider using filemtime().
In fact, there is discussion about deprecating `AsyncMysqlClient` all together to avoid having this choice.
It calls the function you registered with invariant_callback_register and then throws an InvariantException
Lets test the chr(0) handling in case the streaming has failed: is the bug about chr(0) or the streaming...
MessageFormatter is a concrete class that enables users to produce concatenated, language-neutral messages.
Neither of these options is supported in this implementation, and if provided a fatal error will be thrown.
Neither this nor the persistent parameter has any effect when the extension is loaded dynamically via dl().
PDO::ATTR_ORACLE_NULLS (available with all drivers, not just Oracle): Conversion of NULL and empty strings.
PDO::MYSQL_ATTR_READ_DEFAULT_FILE (integer) Read options from the named option file instead of from my.cnf.
PDO::errorInfo() only retrieves error information for operations performed directly on the database handle.
Passing different buit-in functionns as callback function pow function min function echo language construct
Returns a string with the first character of each word in str capitalized, if that character is alphabetic.
Set an element of an array passed by reference, by modifying the data pointer returned by zend_hash_find().
So, if you call file_exists() on a file that doesn't exist, it will return FALSE until you create the file.
The GMT offset is calculated with the timezone information contained in the DateTimeZone object being used.
The behaviour of this function is similar to strnatcmp(), except that the comparison is not case sensitive.
The second parameter to the constructor is a hint in how to interpret the first, if it can't figure it out.
This function allow you to stream portions of a file at a time, rather than read and parse the whole thing.
This function is similar to `Vector::filter()`, but the filtering of the values is done using `Awaitable`s.
This function will send the contents of the topmost output buffer (if any) and turn this output buffer off.
This function will set a callback function to be called for MongoLog events instead of triggering warnings.
This is a test that checks that CGetM in the IR properly cleans the stack before operations that can throw.
This method returns the list of all functions added by SoapServer::addFunction() or SoapServer::setClass().
This particular soundex function is one described by Donald Knuth in "The Art Of Computer Programming, vol.
Thus, to return only the "summary" field, one could say:    To return all fields except the "hidden" field:
Usually, there will be only one row block in the vector because the query completed in full in one attempt.
When a new element is added or removed, all iterators that point to the Vector shall be considered invalid.
When the ArrayObject refers to an object an array of the public properties of that object will be returned.
When you create a connection to the database, the driver will not immediately decide on a secondary to use.
Without the second parameter, trim() will strip these characters: " " (ASCII 32 (0x20)), an ordinary space.
Write the data in to the file, verify the write by checking file pointer position,  eof position, and data.
error: making a new type name doesn't make it available outside of type expressions (parameter lists, etc).
ok tests methodIndexLookup and this variety of dynamic calls trying to exhause f_call_user_func_array cases
proc_open() is similar to popen() but provides a much greater degree of control over the program execution.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.getarraycopy.php )  Exports the ArrayObject to an array.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/iterator.next.php )  Moves the current position to the next element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getdoccomment.php )  Gets doc comments from a class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.construct.php )  Constructs a new ReflectionMethod.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.isabstract.php )  Checks if the method is abstract.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/regexiterator.setpregflags.php )  Sets the regular expression flags.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.current.php )  Retrieves the current line of the file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.rewind.php )  Rewinds the file back to the first line.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.next.php )  Move the iterator to the next array entry.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.offsetget.php )  Returns the value at the index index.
@param getKeyAndValue : This is a function that, given the current index, returns the current key and value.
@return     mixed   A copy of the array, or array of public properties if ArrayIterator refers to an object.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if the current entry is an array or an object, otherwise FALSE is returned.
@return ReflectionClass   A ReflectionClass object of the class that the reflected type constant is part of.
@return array - Returns an array containing substrings of subject split along boundaries matched by pattern.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if every character in text is a letter from the current locale, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - headers_sent() will return FALSE if no HTTP headers have already been sent or TRUE otherwise.
@return false if no sub Iterator is attached and an array of all registered Iterator instances key() result.
@return mixed - If encoding is omitted, mb_http_output() returns the current HTTP output character encoding.
@return mixed - If the timeout parameter is set, this function returns TRUE on success and FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns TRUE on success or FALSE on failure and an array with error keys if passed an array.
@return mixed - Returns the string associated with the key or FALSE on failure or if such key was not found.
@return mixed - The function returns the number of bytes that were written to the file, or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - preg_replace() returns an array if the subject parameter is an array, or a string otherwise.
@throws RuntimeException      if mode MIT_NEED_ALL is set and at least one attached Iterator is not valid().
As a rule of thumb your code should always be able to work correctly if assertion checking is not activated.
Because of this, it may be best to reserve this function for servers which explicitly require preallocation.
Briefly, an SQLSTATE consists of a two characters class value followed by a three characters subclass value.
Calls the registered consumer handler callback function, which is set with OAuthProvider::consumerHandler().
Converts Julian Day Count to a string containing the Julian Calendar Date in the format of "month/day/year".
Dumps all variables in global state, including global variables, static variables, class statics and others.
FIXME: ReflectionParameter sh/could have native data pointing to the relevant Func::ParamInfo data structure
If dest is a URL, the copy operation may fail if the wrapper does not support overwriting of existing files.
If it is negative, it represents the number of characters from the end of string at which to stop replacing.
If length is given and is negative then the sequence will stop that many elements from the end of the array.
If mysqli_field_count() returns a non-zero value, the statement should have produced a non-empty result set.
If the array you wish to sort needs to be sorted by some non-trivial criteria, you should use this function.
If the column from which you are retrieving the value is not an numeric type, then an `Exception` is thrown.
If the column name has been aliased ('select foo as bar from...'), use the alias instead of the column name.
If the hostname is invalid, data-related operations will set Memcached::RES_HOST_LOOKUP_FAILURE result code.
If the socket is of the AF_UNIX family, the address is the path of a Unix-domain socket (e.g. /tmp/my.sock).
In order for log messages to be output by PHP their level (E_NOTICE) does need to be configured to be shown.
It is only useful if you're doing something weird, such as writing your own driver on top of the PHP driver.
Keep in mind that PHP may be accessing the file as the user id that the web server runs as (often 'nobody').
LDAP_DEREF_FINDING - aliases should be dereferenced when locating the base object but not during the search.
Memcache::get() returns previously stored data if an item with such key exists on the server at this moment.
Mockery tries stubbing out part of Mongo, which we have in Zend compat, but it's not at a usable state yet.'
Note that the serialization scheme is not the same as unserialize() and can be accessed by session_decode().
PS are unbuffered, num_rows cannot determine the row count before all rows have been fetched and/or buffered
Performs a flood fill starting at the given coordinate (top left is 0, 0) with the given color in the image.
Prototype  : int ArrayObject::ksort() Description: proto int ArrayIterator::ksort() Sort the entries by key.
Prototype  : proto array get_declared_interfaces() Description: Returns an array of all declared interfaces.
Returns a Set of the values produced by applying the specified callback on each key and value from this Set.
Returns part of haystack string from the first occurrence of case-insensitive needle to the end of haystack.
Returns the node having the specified key or null if the tree doesn't contain a node with the specified key.
SQLITE3_TEXT: The value is a text string, stored using the database encoding (UTF-8, UTF-16BE or UTF-16-LE).
Setting fields in a shape-like array with both string and class constants downgrades it to a map-like array.
Step 5: Using the two new lines, recursively create triangles to filter points until there are no more left.
Testing addslashes() with strings containing characters that can be prefixed with backslash  by the function
The blocked task will not be made runnable until it is explicitly released, even if new work is added to it.
The socket_set_block() function removes the O_NONBLOCK flag on the socket specified by the socket parameter.
The socket_set_nonblock() function sets the O_NONBLOCK flag on the socket specified by the socket parameter.
This function is used exactly like ldap_get_values() except that it handles binary data and not string data.
This is not to be confused with the API version that the loaded phar extension will use to create new phars.
This parameter is not normally needed, but can be useful for working around problems with some ODBC drivers.
This setting affects mb_convert_encoding(), mb_convert_variables(), mb_output_handler(), and mb_send_mail().
Though not recommended, this function may also be called statically to load and create a DOMDocument object.
Typically, the message format will come from resources and the arguments will be dynamically set at runtime.
Without the second parameter, ltrim() will strip these characters: " " (ASCII 32 (0x20)), an ordinary space.
Without the second parameter, rtrim() will strip these characters: " " (ASCII 32 (0x20)), an ordinary space.
Write .cpp files for building libapc_prime.so that can be loaded by an HPHP-compiled server at startup time.
openssl_get_publickey() extracts the public key from certificate and prepares it for use by other functions.
passing different double quoted strings for 'ending' argument to chunk_split() here 'chunklen' is set to 6.5
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayaccess.offsetset.php )  Assigns a value to the specified offset.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.unserialize.php )  Unserializes a serialized ArrayObject.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.arrayobject.php )  This class allows objects to work as arrays.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.lengthexception.php )  Exception thrown if a length is invalid.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/iteratoriterator.current.php )  Get the value of the current element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getstaticproperties.php )  Get the static properties.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.setaccessible.php )  Sets a method to be accessible.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.getdeclaringclass.php )  Gets the declaring class.
* See arrays.php for array creation and initialization This set of tests deals only with array-element access
@args       mixed   The passed arguments to the function as an array, much like call_user_func_array() works.
@return bool       - Without the OnOff parameter, this function returns auto-commit status for connection_id.
@return int - umask() without arguments simply returns the current umask otherwise the old umask is returned.
@return string - The value of the attribute, or an empty string if no attribute with the given name is found.
Alter the timestamp of a DateTime object by incrementing or decrementing in a format accepted by strtotime().
Builds a new Vector by concatenating the elements of this Vector with the elements of the specified Iterable.
Determines whether the specified code point is an alphanumeric character (letter or digit) according to Java.
Don't add signals that would cause the process to abort, the output will depend on whether it dumps its core.
For details on how to use this function, please refer to http://mirror.facebook.net/facebook/xhprof/doc.html.
For reach we check a plain value, a reference value with integer key and a reference value with a string key.
Gets the Certificate Authority information, which includes the ca_path and ca_info set by OAuth::setCaPath().
If not provided, the behaviour is defined by the algorithm implementation and can lead to unexpected results.
If the column from which you are retrieving the value is not an integral type, then an `Exception` is thrown.
If the internal pointer points beyond the end of the elements list or the array is empty, key() returns NULL.
If the sum of offset and count exceeds the length, then all 16-bit units to the end of the data are returned.
If you're opening a URI with special characters, such as spaces, you need to encode the URI with urlencode().
In other words, for declarations such as TIMESTAMP(2), TIMESTAMP(4), and so on, the display width is ignored.
It also contains a unique _id field, which can be used to query the chunks collection for the file's content.
It defaults to 0, but you may specify one or more of the following values (by adding or ORing them together).
It's worth noting that mysql_query() only returns a resource for SELECT, SHOW, EXPLAIN, and DESCRIBE queries.
Key features:  - Autodownload of frameworks, so we don't have to add 3 GB of frameworks to our official repo.
Month and weekday names and other language dependent strings respect the current locale set with setlocale().
Month and weekday names and other language-dependent strings respect the current locale set with setlocale().
Once a successful connection is made, a new socket resource is returned, which may be used for communication.
Prototype: string get_include_path  ( void  ) Description: Gets the current include_path configuration option
Reads to EOF on the given file pointer from the current position and writes the results to the output buffer.
Returns a Vector of the values produced by applying the specified callback on each value from this ImmVector.
Returns a string for the absolute path to the current terminal device that is open on the file descriptor fd.
Returns an array with LibXMLError objects if there are any errors in the buffer, or an empty array otherwise.
Setting new_cache_expire is of value only, if session.cache_limiter is set to a value different from nocache.
Testing error conditions of chunk_split() with zero arguments  and for more than expected number of arguments
Testing to return empty string when start denotes the position beyond the truncation (set by negative length)
The .inc files are not included automatically because they are sooner or later integrated into the extension.
The Gregorian calendar was not instituted until October 15, 1582 (or October 5, 1582 in the Julian calendar).
The default value is the largest of the length of the str compared to the length of main_str less the offset.
The localtime() function returns an array identical to that of the structure returned by the C function call.
The main body of a script is level 0 and each include and/or function call adds one to the stack depth level.
These types will be automatically detected if your build of PHP supports them: JPEG, PNG, GIF, WBMP, and GD2.
This function doesn't close persistent connections, which are closed only during web-server shutdown/restart.
This function returns the filename that contains the function/method that called the current function/method.
This function returns the name of the function/method from which the current function/method was called from.
This is parsed as the "second following Monday OR the first following  Monday if the current day is a Monday"
This is parsed as the "third following Monday OR the second following  Monday if the current day is a Monday"
This means it will also check the types of the needle in the haystack, and objects must be the same instance.
This method allows you to register your own extended DOM class to be used afterward by the PHP DOM extension.
This method is basically: MongoDB implies a return statement if you have a single statement on a single line.
This test was to ensure that new Exception ends up with a catch trace, because it *can* throw, eg on timeout.
To indicate that a parameter is an OUT parameter from a stored procedure, you must explicitly set the length.
You can use MEMCACHE_COMPRESSED constant as flag value if you want to use on-the-fly compression (uses zlib).
call T2a::f via its alias h confirmed that lookup starts with current class, then trait(s), then base classes
changing the class in the string to simulate deserialization into a PHP with a different implementation of C1
class  dns_get_record() only returns Internet class records and as such this parameter will always return IN.
loop through to test sort() with different arrays,  to test the new keys for the elements in the sorted array
openssl_x509_read() parses the certificate supplied by x509certdata and returns a resource identifier for it.
print_r(), var_dump() and var_export() will also show protected and private properties of objects with PHP 5.
strict This is a more thorough test of the expression dependent type produced by the expression 'new Class()'
tcp The Transmission Control Protocol is a reliable, connection based, stream oriented, full duplex protocol.
the namespaceURI is "http://www.w3.org/2000/xmlns/" and neither the  qualifiedName nor its prefix is "xmlns".
try reading from file which is having zero content create the file and then open in read mode and try reading
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.exception.php )  Exception is the base class for all Exceptions.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/function.zlib-decode.php )  Uncompress any raw/gzip/zlib encoded data.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/function.zlib-encode.php )  Compress data with the specified encoding.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.hasmetadata.php )  Returns whether phar has global meta-data set.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.running.php )  Returns the full path to the running phar archive.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.isprotected.php )  Checks if the method is protected.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.getdeclaringclass.php )  Gets the declaring class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getlinktarget.php )  Gets the target of a filesystem link.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.iswritable.php )  Checks if the current entry is writable.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.toarray.php )  Returns a PHP array from the fixed array.
(excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.getname.php )  Get the name of the function.
/* See if return is allowed in any form in a generator function also yield on its own + yield in an expression
@alias      mixed   Alias with which this Phar archive should be referred to in calls to stream functionality.
@param token : This is used to make sure that the iterator stops working once the container has been modified.
@return     mixed   An array containing the values of the requested variables on success, or FALSE on failure.
@return     mixed   TRUE if the property was declared at compile-time, or FALSE if it was created at run-time.
@return - An `ImmVector` that contains the values of the current `Pair` up until the callback returns `false`.
@return int - Returns the level of nested output buffering handlers or zero if output buffering is not active.
@return int - Returns the number of full pattern matches (which might be zero), or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return mixed - This will return the contents of the output buffer or FALSE, if output buffering isn't active.
A specific HPHPC bug constant propagated the value of this 'foo' to the abstract constant declaration 'I::foo'
Adds the keys of the specified KeyedContainer to the end of this Vector using the next available integer keys.
Builds a new ImmVector by concatenating the values of this ImmMap with the elements of the specified Iterable.
But if you call `setResuable(false)`, then the current connection will not be reusable by the connection pool.
Complex resources are containers which can be either integer-indexed or string-indexed (just like PHP arrays).
Determines whether the specified code point is "defined", which usually means that it is assigned a character.
Entries in the LDAP result are read sequentially using the ldap_first_entry() and ldap_next_entry() functions.
For data that is smaller than 16MB, you may find it easier to embed it within the document using MongoBinData.
For details, consult your system documentation on the tmpfile(3) function, as well as the stdio.h header file.
If directory is not a directory, then boolean FALSE is returned, and an error of level E_WARNING is generated.
If magic_quotes_sybase is on, no backslashes are stripped off but two apostrophes are replaced by one instead.
If search is an array and replace is a string, then this replacement string is used for every value of search.
If the field offset is not specified, the next field that was not yet retrieved by this function is retrieved.
If the interlace bit is set and the image is used as a JPEG image, the image is created as a progressive JPEG.
Launches a new instance of scheduler to drive asynchronous execution until the provided Awaitable is finished.
Let's assume that is not going to be an issue in the real world, and make it a simple check and throw instead.
Note that the list of elements is prepended as a whole, so that the prepended elements stay in the same order.
Note that you probably want to specify the mode as an octal number, which means it should have a leading zero.
Objects implementing JsonSerializable can customize their JSON representation when encoded with json_encode().
Otherwise exact offset is searched and only if not found then the first time zone with any offset is returned.
Pass different integers to ctype_cntrl() to test which character codes are considered valid control characters
Passing different types of callback functions to array_walk() without parameters with less and more parameters
Prototype : bool session_start(void) Description : Initialize session data Source code : ext/session/session.c
Removes the element with the specified key from this Vector and renumbers the keys of all subsequent elements.
Repeat off-by-one because the old lexer worked right with the second version, but not the first, so test both.
Returns the actual rows returned by the successful query, each row including the typed values for each column.
Returns the current time measured in the number of seconds since the Unix Epoch (January 1 1970 00:00:00 GMT).
Sanitize a string to make sure it's legal UTF-8 by stripping off any characters that are not properly encoded.
Server Name Indication (SNI) tests  This test relies on https://sni.velox.ch/ and thus is disabled by default.
Since this is a successful result wrapper, this always returns the actual result of the `Awaitable` operation.
Some database servers support stored procedures that return more than one rowset (also known as a result set).
Stores a value into the Vector with the specified key, overwriting the previous value associated with the key.
Test strrchr() function by passing heredoc string containing  blank-line for haystack and with various needles
Test strrchr() function by passing heredoc string containing quote chars for haystack and with various needles
Testing fgetcsv() to read a line without any csv fields from a file when provided with default enclosure value
The preferred way to create an instance of MongoDB is through MongoClient::__get() or MongoClient::selectDB().
This entry identifier is then supplied to ldap_next_entry() routine to get successive entries from the result.
This function is meant to ease the task of creating a new socket which only listens to accept new connections.
This information can be used to know how the performance of the MySQL client may have affected a given result.
This means that one can send sealed data to multiple recipients (provided one has obtained their public keys).
This parameter may be an array, with the name of the class, and the method, or a string, with a function name.
To return an array consisting of all values of a single column from the result set, specify PDO::FETCH_COLUMN.
To return the keys for all matching values, use array_keys() with the optional search_value parameter instead.
Translate a `Traversable` of `Awaitables` into a single `Awaitable` of `Vector` of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`.
XML_OPTION_SKIP_TAGSTART integer Specify how many characters should be skipped in the beginning of a tag name.
imagecolorallocate() must be called to create each color that is to be used in the image represented by image.
loop through each element of the array to check htmlspecialchars_decode() function with all possible arguments
loop through to test asort() with different arrays,  to test the new keys for the elements in the sorted array
loop through to test rsort() with different arrays,  to test the new keys for the elements in the sorted array
msg_receive() will receive the first message from the specified queue of the type specified by desiredmsgtype.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.offsetget.php )  Gets the value from the provided offset.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.rewind.php )  This rewinds the iterator to the beginning.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.getflags.php )  Gets the behavior flags of the ArrayObject.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.offsetunset.php )  Unsets the value at the specified index.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/limititerator.valid.php )  Checks whether the current element is valid.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.newinstance.php )  Creates a new instance of the class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.setvalue.php )  Sets (changes) the property's value.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/seekableiterator.seek.php )  Seeks to a given position in the iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/spldoublylinkedlist.prev.php )  Move the iterator to the previous node.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getctime.php )  Returns the inode change time for the file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.offsetunset.php )  Removes an object from the storage.
@return     mixed   Returns TRUE if an iterator can be obtained for the current entry, otherwise returns FALSE.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the child process which caused the return is currently stopped, FALSE otherwise.
@return int - Returns the number of warnings from the last MySQL function, or 0 (zero) if no warnings occurred.
A binary function should not expect a null terminated string, and it should treat input as a raw stream of data
A helper script to check that HNI signatures in a PHP file match how the functions are defined in the C++ file.
Also, the beginning of a year varied from one culture to another - not all accepted January as the first month.
An abstract class representing a system-maintainable relationship (or "constraint") between a set of variables.
An optional number, a width specifier that says how many characters (minimum) this conversion should result in.
Attempting to assign to a property of type 'this' will fail if they are not the same expression dependent type.
Below is a list of interfaces/classes already availabel natively through the SPL extension grouped by category.
But there is a problem, either with this code (that worked before the Reflection changes) or Reflection itself.
Error messages are stacked, so this function should be called multiple times to collect all of the information.
Flush all the currently buffered output, so that the main thread can read it with pagelet_server_task_result().
For list assignment expressions, if the RHS is a simple variable then it will be passed by reference via FPassH
Function to extract a sequence of default grapheme clusters from a text buffer, which must be encoded in UTF-8.
Ids are chosen randomly rather than seqentially to guard against false-positives when using persistent sockets.
If no changes are specified, this method throws a BadMethodCallException if the archive is in phar file format.
If the absolute value of pad_size is less than or equal to the length of the input then no padding takes place.
If the old style handler also fails to register the class then the object becomes an incomplete class instance.
In general, you should use the authenticate built into MongoClient::__construct() in preference to this method.
In this case, getimagesize() returns the values for the first codestream it encounters in the root of the file.
Invalid characters may be substituted NULL (no output), string or integer value (Unicode character code value).
Passing different anonymous functions as 'cmp_function' arguments passed by value arguments passed by reference
Planners may exploit the fact that instances, if satisfied, will not change their output during plan execution.
Prototype  : bool finfo_set_flags(resource finfo, int options) Description: Set libmagic configuration options.
Prototype  : int ArrayObject::asort() Description: proto int ArrayIterator::asort() Sort the entries by values.
Returns a ImmMap of the keys/values produced by applying the specified callback on each value from this ImmMap.
Runs a single benchmark for at least a second and computes the average time it takes to run a single iteration.
Test behaviour of shuffle() when an array of heredoc strings is passed to  'array_arg' argument of the function
Test stripos() function with null terminated strings for 'haystack' argument  in order to check the binary safe
Test strrpos() function with null terminated strings for 'haystack' argument  in order to check the binary safe
Testing fgetcsv() to read a file when provided with default enclosure character  and length value equal to zero
Testing fgetcsv() to read from a file opened in various write modes and  enclosure argument with two characters
Testing quoted_printable_decode() : with different unexpected values for format argument other than the strings
The DOMText class inherits from DOMCharacterData and represents the textual content of a DOMElement or DOMAttr.
The default value of a static class property can not be tracked when using this method on user defined classes.
The goal is to verify we can access the cached string value even if it was generated by a call to __toString().
The proxy could make things a bit adventurous, so we will see how this works out after some time to test it out
The strategy is to first look whether there's an existing compilation database and use that if it's exhaustive.
This allows one username to be used with different permissions (depending on if a password as provided or not).
This function returns an array with the names of the interfaces that the given class and its parents implement.
This script creates zend_vm_execute.h and zend_vm_opcodes.h from existing zend_vm_def.h and zend_vm_execute.skl
end of offset loop close the file and check the size, the size will have increased by 10 bytes because of holes
loop through each element of the array to test array_rand() function  for different values for 'input' argument
loop through to test arsort() with different arrays,  to test the new keys for the elements in the sorted array
openssl_pkcs7_verify() reads the S/MIME message contained in the given file and examines the digital signature.
reset() rewinds array's internal pointer to the first element and returns the value of the first array element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.iteratoraggregate.php )  Interface to create an external Iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/directoryiterator.current.php )  Get the current DirectoryIterator item.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/errorexception.getseverity.php )  Returns the severity of the exception.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getconstants.php )  Gets defined constants from a class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionextension.getversion.php )  Gets the version of the extension.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.getendline.php )  Get the ending line number.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.openfile.php )  Creates an SplFileObject object of the file.
@defgroup SPL Internal classes  The classes and interfaces in this group are contained in the c-code of ext/SPL.
@return     mixed   The number of elements or public properties in the associated array or object, respectively.
@return bool - This function returns TRUE if the mode outputs blocks of bytes or FALSE if it outputs just bytes.
@return false if no sub Iterator is attached and an array of all registered Iterator instances current() result.
@return mixed - Returns the length of the initial segment of str1 which consists entirely of characters in str2.
@return resource - An object that can be used with pagelet_server_task_status() or pagelet_server_task_result().
A warning will be emitted if a value has the wrong type, and the key/value pair in question will not be flipped.
Actually this value is set only if the process finds it is the only process currently attached to the semaphore.
Also do not forget that those arrays are passed by reference and will be modified after socket_select() returns.
Also do not forget that those arrays are passed by reference and will be modified after stream_select() returns.
Basically, if you see a call to spl_dual_it_fetch in the PHP source, it's very likely that you should call this.
Beyond the install root, git info, test roots, etc., the other properties are optional and may or may not be set
Binary search is still possible while is senseless as there are just two rows (see also find_entity_for_char()).
Builds a new ImmVector by concatenating the elements of this ImmSet with the elements of the specified Iterable.
Called by session_start(), based on session.gc_divisor, session.gc_probability and session.gc_lifetime settings.
Calling PDO::rollBack() will roll back all changes to the database and return the connection to autocommit mode.
Child classes may just override the protected property without implementing a constructor or calling parent one.
Computes the difference of arrays with additional index check, compares data and indexes by a callback function.
Each element should be read as  1st element is delimiter, 2nd element is enclosure and 3rd element is csv fields
Fills an array with num entries of the value of the value parameter, keys starting at the start_index parameter.
For a prepared statement using question mark placeholders, this will be the 1-indexed position of the parameter.
If an invalid or no cache_type is specified, information about the system cache (cached files) will be returned.
If item specified by key was not numeric and cannot be converted to a number, it will change its value to value.
If namespaceURI, qualifiedName, and doctype are null, the returned DOMDocument is empty with no document element
If the optional parameter regs was not passed or the length of the matched string is 0, this function returns 1.
If using the column name, be aware that the name should match the case of the column, as returned by the driver.
In these cases, you can use the clearstatcache() function to clear the information that PHP caches about a file.
Indicates whether the `Awaitable` associated with this wrapper exited abnormally via an exception of somoe sort.
It is possible to define resource constants, however it is not recommended and may cause unpredictable behavior.
Note: Wanted to use builtin SPL for this, but it seems like the order cannot be guaranteed with their iterators.
Pass different integers to ctype_lower() to test which character codes are considered valid lowercase characters
Pass different integers to ctype_print() to test which character codes are considered valid printable characters
Pass different integers to ctype_upper() to test which character codes are considered valid uppercase characters
Returns the actual rows returned by the successful query, each row including the name and value for each column.
Returns the number of database rows that were changed (or inserted or deleted) by the most recent SQL statement.
Serialize this object to a string that can be used as a dictionary key to differentiate instances of this class.
Splay on the key to move the node with the given key or the last node on the search path to the top of the tree.
Splices the values of the Vector in place (see the documentation for array_splice() on php.net for more details.
Strictly speaking we should test more: character_set_client, character_set_results, and character_set_connection
Test strrchr() function by passing heredoc string containing special chars for haystack and with various needles
Test that concat binops with un-used results are not incorrectly optimized away if they can invoke side-effects.
Testing asort() by providing integer/string arrays to check the basic functionality  with following flag values.
That means the E_NOTICE bit needs to be part of PHP's error_reporting level and that display_errors is set to 1.
The function socket_sendto() sends len bytes from buf through the socket socket to the port at the address addr.
The pcntl_fork() function creates a child process that differs from the parent process only in its PID and PPID.
There are some rare cases where the normal search returns FALSE while the parallel search returns an identifier.
These flags depend on the operation mode parameter: - RecursiveRegexIterator::ALL_MATCHES: See preg_match_all().
This function can be used to manually search for a class or interface using the registered __autoload functions.
This function implements a comparison algorithm that orders alphanumeric strings in the way a human being would.
This function returns the line number that contains the function/method that called the current function/method.
To create an instance that persists between requests, use persistent_id to specify a unique ID for the instance.
Unlike localeconv(), which returns all of the elements, nl_langinfo() allows you to select any specific element.
When a caller passes a Vector to a callee, the callee can modify the Vector and the caller will see the changes.
calling function dump_globalvar() to check the reference count of local and global variables inside the function
different OS order files differently so will store file names into an array so can use sorted in expected output
echoMeStringRequest with endpoint header destination, must understand, invalid namespace, should receive a fault
openssl_pkey_export() exports key as a PEM encoded string and stores it into out (which is passed by reference).
prev() behaves just like next(), except it rewinds the internal array pointer one place instead of advancing it.
token_get_all() parses the given source string into PHP language tokens using the Zend engine's lexical scanner.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.valid.php )  Checks if the array contains any more entries.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.emptyiterator.php )  The EmptyIterator class for an empty iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/exception.getline.php )  Get line number where the exception was created.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/filesystemiterator.rewind.php )  Rewinds the directory back to the start.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/iterator.rewind.php )  Rewinds back to the first element of the Iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.getversion.php )  Returns the API version of an opened Phar archive.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.construct.php )  Constructs a new ReflectionClass object.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getmethods.php )  Gets an array of methods for the class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.setstaticpropertyvalue.php )  Sets static property value.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.ispublic.php )  Checks whether the property is public.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.isstatic.php )  Checks whether the property is static.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.setaccessible.php )  Sets a property to be accessible.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.offsetunset.php )  Unsets the value at the specified index.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/spltempfileobject.construct.php )  Construct a new temporary file object.
1072915200 this prints the year in a two digit format however, as this would start with a "0", it only prints "4"
@return     mixed   Returns an array with trait names in keys and instances of trait's ReflectionClass in values.
@return - A `Vector` of `AsyncMysqlQueryResult` objects for each result produced by a successful query statement.
@return mixed - Executes the regular expression match with multibyte support, and returns 1 if matches are found.
@return mixed - PDOStatement::fetchAll() returns an array containing all of the remaining rows in the result set.
A task that suspends itself after each time it has been run to simulate waiting for data from an external device.
Calling functions from within the profiler function should note use the profile (it would cause an infinite loop)
Date Formatter class - locale-dependent formatting/parsing of dates using pattern strings and/or canned patterns.
Default value 0 means that the function is called only in the end, other special value 1 sets chunk_size to 4096.
Each element should be read as  1st element is delimiter, 2nd element is enclosure  and 3rd element is csv fields
Extract a plan for resatisfaction starting from the given source constraints, usually a set of input constraints.
For example, this can be used to set the envelope sender address when using sendmail with the -f sendmail option.
Gets the names of all files that have been included using include(), include_once(), require() or require_once().
Host names are comma-separated and the constructor will return successfully if it connected to at least one host.
If the input arrays have the same string keys, then the later value for that key will overwrite the previous one.
If we really need that functionality, we can do something like this instead: https://phabricator.fb.com/P20754288
NB: DateTimeZone class does not define a customized compare class handler so standard object handler will be used
Note that depending on what extensions you have compiled or loaded into PHP, additional classes could be present.
Note: The 'variant' and 'private' subtags can take maximum 15 values whereas 'extlang' can take maximum 3 values.
On failure, this function will return -1 on a select failure or timeout (from the underlying select system call).
Pass different integers to ctype_alpha() to test which character codes are considered valid alphabetic characters
Pass different integers to ctype_space() to test which character codes are considered valid whitespace characters
Pass different integers to ctype_xdigit() to test which character codes are considered valid hexadecimal 'digits'
Prototype : void session_unset(void) Description : Free all session variables Source code : ext/session/session.c
Requests for this server will then failover or fail immediately depending on the memcache.allow_failover setting.
Returns a Map of the keys/values produced by applying the specified callback on each key and value from this Map.
Returns all of the IMAP alert messages generated since the last imap_alerts() call, or the beginning of the page.
Should succeed because the SSLv23 handshake here is compatible with the TLSv1 hello method employed in the server
Since this is a failed result wrapper, this always returns the exception thrown during the `Awaitable` operation.
Testing arsort() by providing integer/string arrays to check the basic functionality  with following flag values.
The array-index operation calls into array_getm_s_fast, which will raise a notice because the index is undefined.
The code for this function was originally drawn from the Independent JPEG Group library code, which is excellent.
The error code is suitable to be fed to socket_strerror() which returns a string describing the given error code.
This ID must be a valid identifier on ICU's database or an ID representing an explicit offset, such as GMT-05:30.
This class is instantiated through a call from the connection object via `AsyncMysqlConnection::connectResult()`.
This function can be used to set how verbose logging should be and the types of activities that should be logged.
This function makes it possible to run PHP applications designed to run off of a hard disk as a phar application.
This function works for any stream that supports non-blocking mode (currently, regular files and socket streams).
This is because bindec() sees the most significant bit as another order of magnitude rather than as the sign bit.
This script allows us to more easily test the key OSS PHP frameworks that is helping bring HHVM closer to parity.
This way oop_class gets some singleton behavior since it will be created only once for all insatnces of oop_test.
Tip If you need to know the number of nodes in the collection, use the length property of the DOMNodeList object.
Under the Julian Calendar (for years before 1753) a simple 19-year cycle is used to track the phases of the Moon.
Write the values to memcache using a raw socket connection to make sure that they are not transformed in any way.
You cannot bind multiple values to a single named parameter in, for example, the IN() clause of an SQL statement.
Zend's implementation of forward_static_call contains a check for this, implying intent to uphold this invariant.
array_intersect() returns an array containing all the values of container1 that are present in all the arguments.
dump the array to see that that array did not get modified because of using isset, empty and unset on its element
hphp_invoke_method() - Used by ReflectionMethod to invoke a method and by ReflectionFunction to invoke a closure.
libmysql only - needs extra compile flag, no way to check properly in the PHP user land if its compiled in or not
now test redis session handler on that port we expect not able to connect error, but no other warnings or notices
ob_end_clean(), ob_end_flush(), ob_clean(), ob_flush() and ob_start() may not be called from a callback function.
read file by giving the acutal length, check the length and content by calculating the  hash using md5() function
refresh: Refresh interval (seconds) secondary name servers should use when updating remote copies of this domain.
same as first example but the array created contains everything that is NOT matched but the regex (matches three)
show that when elses are nested, an else matches the lexically nearest preceding if that is allowed by the syntax
system() is just like the C version of the function in that it executes the given command and outputs the result.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.arrayaccess.php )  Interface to provide accessing objects as arrays.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/pharfileinfo.delmetadata.php )  Deletes the metadata of the entry, if any.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getattribute.php )  Returns all attributes with given key.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.isinstantiable.php )  Checks if the class is instantiable.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.isclosure.php )  Checks whether it's a closure.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.isdestructor.php )  Checks if the method is a destructor.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.getposition.php )  Gets the position of the parameter.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.isoptional.php )  Checks if the parameter is optional.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.valid.php )  Checks if the array contains any more elements.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.count.php )  Counts the number of objects in the storage.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splpriorityqueue.rewind.php )  This rewinds the iterator to the beginning.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splpriorityqueue.valid.php )  Checks if the queue contains any more nodes.
@cmp_function mixed   Function cmp_function should accept two parameters which will be filled by pairs of entries.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the child process exited because of a signal which was not caught, FALSE otherwise.
@return mixed - A node (of any type) with the specified local name and namespace URI, or NULL if no node is found.
@return mixed - See the manual page for stat() for information on the structure of the array that lstat() returns.
@return mixed - The detected character encoding or FALSE if the encoding cannot be detected from the given string.
A common use for this is to execute something like the pbmplus utilities that can output an image stream directly.
However, this behaviour is not guaranteed for all databases and should not be relied on for portable applications.
If all of the arrays contain only numeric keys, the resulting array is given incrementing keys starting from zero.
If array is passed in, then an array is returned that contains all existing keys, or an empty array if none exist.
If socket has been made non-blocking using socket_set_blocking() or socket_set_nonblock(), FALSE will be returned.
If the internal pointer points beyond the end of the elements list or the array is empty, current() returns FALSE.
If this parameter is a string and the pattern parameter is an array, all patterns will be replaced by that string.
If your database driver suffers from this limitation, the problem may manifest itself in an out-of-sequence error.
In case start is also negative, the start position is calculated beforehand according to the rule explained above.
In this case you can use an anonymous function to declare the callback within the call to preg_replace_callback().
It calls MongoClient::getHosts() (to refresh the status of hosts) and Mongo::getSlave() (to get the return value).
It effectively creates a queue of autoload functions, and runs through each of them in the order they are defined.
It's possible to iterate over shape-like array and it behaves as map-like array - usage that should report errors.
It's possible to iterate over tuple-like array and it behaves as vec-like array - usage that should report errors.
Pass different integers to ctype_punct() to test which character codes are considered valid punctuation characters
Prototype: int get_magic_quotes_gpc  ( void  ) This function is not supported anymore and will always return false
Registers a PHP function or user-defined function for use as an SQL scalar function for use within SQL statements.
Returns a ImmSet of the values produced by applying the specified callback on each key and value from this ImmSet.
Returns a Vector of the values produced by applying the specified callback on each key and value from this Vector.
Stops per-interval usage tracking to allow peak usage to be tracked with more granularity than a per-script basis.
Test copy(): Try copying source file to desntination file, where destination file name is identical to source name
Test stripos() function with unexpected inputs for 'needle' and  an expected type of input for 'haystack' argument
Test strrpos() function with unexpected inputs for 'needle' and  an expected type of input for 'haystack' argument
The MongoDB aggregation framework provides a means to calculate aggregated values without having to use MapReduce.
The language-neutral way to create messages keeps each part of the message separate and provides keys to the data.
This calculations requires walking the preclasses in the hierarchy and should not be getting performed repeatedly.
This function clears the error code on the given socket or the global last socket error if no socket is specified.
This is largely a copy of '/hphp/system/php/collections/collections.ns.php' it has been modified to work with php.
This provokes a difference in behaviour when changing the number of elements in the array while iterating over it.
Thus there is no overhead in adding a large number of servers to the pool, even though they might not all be used.
To start over, or to tokenize a new string you simply call strtok with the string argument again to initialize it.
Warning: This function may return Boolean FALSE, but may also return a non-Boolean value which evaluates to FALSE.
When a new key is added or an element is removed, all iterators that point to the Map shall be considered invalid.
When using this specifier on a string, it acts as a cutoff point, setting a maximum character limit to the string.
array_flip() returns an array in flip order, i.e. keys from trans become values and values from trans become keys.
array_map() returns an array containing all the elements of arr1 after applying the callback function to each one.
if at some point internal encoding changes, set correct one in INI section or use file 'TranslitFail1.ISO-8859-1'.
log1p() returns log(1 + number) computed in a way that is accurate even when the value of number is close to zero.
mb_strrchr behaves differently in different versions of libmbfl (https://github.com/facebook/hiphop-php/issues/68)
msg_send() sends a message of type msgtype (which MUST be greater than 0) to the message queue specified by queue.
table.inc will create a database connection and run some SQL queries, therefore the debug file should have entries
use check_iscallable() to check whether given string is valid function name expected: true as it is valid callback
we need to skip this test_mysqli_get_client_stats_table_1 in unicode - we send set names utf8 during mysql_connect
will stay as they are since their character codes are above 127 and they do not have a named entity representaion.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.iscloneable.php )  Returns whether this class is cloneable.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunction.construct.php )  Constructs a ReflectionFunction object.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.gettype.php )  Gets the associated type of a parameter.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.isprivate.php )  Checks whether the property is private.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/soapfault.tostring.php )  Returns a string representation of the SoapFault.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/spldoublylinkedlist.current.php )  Get the current doubly linked list node.
@return     mixed   If only one parameter is passed to this method, the values parsed will be returned as an array.
@return     mixed   Returns the data, or info, associated with the object pointed by the current iterator position.
@return - An `ImmVector` that contains the values of the current `Pair` starting after the callback returns `true`.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the file or directory specified by filename exists and is readable, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - This function returns TRUE if the mode is for use with block algorithms, otherwise it returns FALSE.
@return bool - True if the the query has completed (i.e., either all rows have been returned or an error occurred).
@return mixed - If the open fails, bzopen() returns FALSE, otherwise it returns a pointer to the newly opened file.
@return mixed - Returns an SQLSTATE, a five characters alphanumeric identifier defined in the ANSI SQL-92 standard.
@return mixed - linkinfo() returns the st_dev field of the Unix C stat structure returned by the lstat system call.
@return mixed - socket_sendto() returns the number of bytes sent to the remote host, or FALSE if an error occurred.
@return string - A string that is unique for each currently existing object and is always the same for each object.
Adds the values produced by the specified Iterable to the end of this Vector using the next available integer keys.
After calling this function, you can no longer use the FTP connection and must create a new one with ftp_connect().
Although this function can handle dates all the way back to the year 1 (3761 B.C.), such use may not be meaningful.
And, if that happens, we will always be redownloading the framework since the SHA is different than what we expect.
As it is, even with invariants and various ifs to guarantee the type, HHHBC is not able to infer the property type.
Average delay between when a callback is scheduled in the MySQL client and when it's actually ran, in microseconds.
Builds a new ImmVector by concatenating the elements of this ImmVector with the elements of the specified Iterable.
Calls the registered timestamp handler callback function, which is set with OAuthProvider::timestampNonceHandler().
Count blacklisted tests as failures Note clownylisted tests do not count in the stats (they are essentially no-ops)
Determine if a debugger is attached to the current thread, and return information about where it is connected from.
Echo out the first four bytes 'this' without applying filter Remainder will get sucked into the read buffer though.
For example, it seems that on Linux when connecting to MySQL 5.1, the server always manages to send a full a reply.
If timeout is not provided or evaluates to -1, the current timeout value of timeout_type is returned as an integer.
If we have a large result set, we can iterate through it, loading a few megabytes of results into memory at a time.
In case offset is also negative, the start position is calculated beforehand according to the rule explained above.
It is usually best to simply produce a truecolor output image instead, which guarantees the highest output quality.
It makes the query a subobject (if it isn't already) and adds the key/value pair of your choosing to the top level.
It resets the database error tracker (which can be incremented with MongoDB::forceError(), also not normally used).
Operational modes  In ATOMIC mode, we wait for the server to respond to each request and return the value directly.
PHP sets a constant named CRYPT_SALT_LENGTH which indicates the longest valid salt allowed by the available hashes.
Pass different integers to ctype_alnum() to test which character codes are considered valid alphanumeric characters
Perform a regular expression search and replace using an associative array of pattern and callback key/value pairs.
Remove top stack frames up to and including Exception::__init__, set the 'file' and 'line' properties appropriately
Setting fields in a shape-like array with class constants from different classes downgrades it to a map-like array.
Some of the parameters actually passed to charset will request to use a default charset determined by the platform.
Starts per-interval usage tracking to allow peak usage to be tracked with more granularity than a per-script basis.
Test names should have all characters before and including __DIR__ removed, so that specific user info is not added
Test shuffle() to see that warning messages are emitted when invalid number of arguments are passed to the function
Testing token_get_all() with 'source' string containing invalid/unknown token value unknown tokens - T_UNKNOWN(307)
The optional parameter offset can be used to specify the alternate place from which to start the search (in bytes).
The pcntl_signal_dispatch() function calls the signal handlers installed by pcntl_signal() for each pending signal.
The returned result can be used with mysql_field_flags(), mysql_field_len(), mysql_field_name() mysql_field_type().
The time is measured to change a variable on either side of the mapping and to change the scale and offset factors.
This function is similar to `Map::mapWithKey()`, but the mapping of the keys and values is done using `Awaitable`s.
This function returns all currently available PDO drivers which can be used in DSN parameter of PDO::__construct().
This information can be used to know how the performance of the MySQL client may have affected the query operation.
This means you will have to call both ob_flush() and flush() to flush the ob output buffers if you are using those.
This method returns a stream resource that can be used with all file functions in PHP that deal with reading files.
To make sure individual handlers not affected by such a call, call fb_intercept() with individual names afterwards.
Transforms the source node to an URI applying the stylesheet given by the XSLTProcessor::importStylesheet() method.
Turns on verbose request information useful for debugging, the debug information is stored in the debugInfo member.
When you first do a query with slaveOkay set, at that point the driver will choose a secondary for this connection.
Without a replica set, it will just return an array with one element containing the host that you are connected to.
You can iterate over all the rows of an `AsyncMysqlRowBlock` one by one until the iterator is not valid any longer.
all text before (parentheses) is put into first element, ( into second, "parentheses" into third and ) into fourth.
array_replace_recursive() is recursive : it will recurse into arrays and apply the same process to the inner value.
correct php53 behaviour is to ignore the FILE_USE_INCLUDE_PATH unless the file already exists  in the include path.
correct php53 behaviour is to ingnore the FILE_USE_INCLUDE_PATH unless the file alread exists  in the include path.
gecos GECOS is an obsolete term that refers to the finger information field on a Honeywell batch processing system.
loop through each element of the array and check the working of strtok() when supplied with different string values
phpinfo() is also a valuable debugging tool as it contains all EGPCS (Environment, GET, POST, Cookie, Server) data.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/exception.getfile.php )  Get the name of the file the exception was created.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getmethod.php )  Gets a ReflectionMethod for a class method.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.isinterface.php )  Checks whether the class is an interface.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionextension.construct.php )  Construct a ReflectionExtension object.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.isconstructor.php )  Checks if the method is a constructor.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.construct.php )  Constructs a ReflectionParameter class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.getdeclaringfunction.php )  Gets the declaring function.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.isarray.php )  Checks if the parameter expects an array.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/serializable.unserialize.php )  Called during unserialization of the object.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getinode.php )  Gets the inode number for the filesystem object.
- Error files showing all the errors and failures from running the test, suite or the fatal if the framework fatals.
@return     mixed   Returns a string containing the file extension, or an empty string if the file has no extension.
@return array - Returns an array of strings that corresponds to the fetched row, or FALSE if there are no more rows.
@return array - Returns an indexed array containing the name of all stream wrappers available on the running system.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if the object is of this class or has this class as one of its parents, FALSE otherwise.
@return int - The number of uncompressed characters read from gz and passed through to the input, or FALSE on error.
@return mixed            - Returns an array that corresponds to the fetched row, or FALSE if there are no more rows.
@return mixed - If only two parameters were passed to this function, the values parsed will be returned as an array.
@return mixed - Returns a file handle, similar to the one returned by fopen(), for the new file or FALSE on failure.
@return mixed - Returns an SQLite3Result object on successful execution of the prepared statement, FALSE on failure.
@see http://www.icu-project.org/apiref/icu4c/classDecimalFormat.html Localized patterns are not currently supported.
Create an ImmSet (if no parameters are passed) or create an ImmSet from an Traversable (if one parameter is passed).
Ensures that this Map contains only keys/values for which the specified callback returns true when passed the value.
Every subsequent call to strtok only needs the token to use, as it keeps track of where it is in the current string.
Format with 14 positions of width, 8 digits of left precision, 2 of right precision using national  format for en_US
Gets all of the IMAP errors (if any) that have occurred during this page request or since the error stack was reset.
I.e., if it's integer then INT32 would be chosen on 32-bit, INT64 on 64-bit, if it's double, DOUBLE would be chosen.
If an interface parameter is defined in terms of a type constant then we require implementers to provide a type hint
If both pattern and replacement parameters are arrays, each pattern will be replaced by the replacement counterpart.
If no matches are found or an error occurred, an empty array is returned when subject is an array or NULL otherwise.
In particular, this is useful for passing passphrases to programs like PGP, GPG and openssl in a more secure manner.
Numeric strings consist of optional sign, any number of digits, optional decimal part and optional exponential part.
On systems with fopencookie, a FILE* is created around the user stream and that is passed back to the ZE to include.
Once expired the connection will be successfully reconnected or marked as failed for another retry_interval seconds.
Please see the Array section of the manual for a detailed explanation of how arrays are implemented and used in PHP.
Stores a value into the Map with the specified key, overwriting any previous value that was associated with the key.
Test nl2br() function by passing heredoc strings containing various combinations of new line chars to 'str' argument
Test strrchr() function by passing heredoc string containing  escape sequences for haystack and with various needles
The pattern string has its component parts replaced in a locale-sensitive manner using items in the arguments array.
The server only accepts once, but the client will call stream_socket_client multiple times with the persistent flag.
This can be one of the RGB colors, CMYK colors, alpha and opacity e.g (Imagick::COLOR_BLUE, Imagick::COLOR_MAGENTA).
This class is instantiated when an `AsyncMysqlException` is thrown and `AsyncMysqlException::getResult()` is called.
This is useful for gracefully displaying something helpful information to end users when a fatal error has happened.
This sets a specific object as the handler for SOAP requests, rather than just a class as in SoapServer::setClass().
Using this method to fetch large result sets will result in a heavy demand on system and possibly network resources.
Warning  Some web servers (e.g. Apache) change the working directory of a script when calling the callback function.
array_intersect_uassoc() returns an array containing all the values of array1 that are present in all the arguments.
array_replace_recursive() replaces the values of the first array with the same values from all the following arrays.
ensure that file pointer is at eof now file is at the end try reading with length and allowable tags,expecting false
the qualifiedName or its prefix is "xmlns" and the  namespaceURI is  different from  "http://www.w3.org/2000/xmlns/"
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.offsetset.php )  Sets the value at the specified index to newval.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/exception.tostring.php )  Returns the string representation of the exception.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phardata.extractto.php )  Extract all files within a tar/zip archive to disk.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.isiterateable.php )  Checks whether the class is iterateable.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/spldoublylinkedlist.rewind.php )  This rewinds the iterator to the beginning.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.setflags.php )  Sets the flags to be used by the SplFileObject.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.offsetset.php )  Associate data to an object in the storage.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.valid.php )  Returns if the current iterator entry is valid.
@return     mixed   Returns the exported extension as a string, in the same way as the ReflectionExtension::export().
@return int - Returns an integer value representing the numeric result code of the most recent failed SQLite request.
@return mixed - PDO::exec() returns the number of rows that were modified or deleted by the SQL statement you issued.
@return mixed - preg_replace_callback() returns an array if the subject parameter is an array, or a string otherwise.
@return string - Returns a string with a textual description of the error code, or FALSE if no description was found.
@return string - Returns the host name on success, the unmodified ip_address on failure, or FALSE on malformed input.
A second variant will take three additional parameters that define the cost of insert, replace and delete operations.
An optional padding specifier that says what character will be used for padding the results to the right string size.
Coerce a string into a native type Reference: http://yaml.org/type/bool.html TODO: Use only words from the YAML spec.
Create two DateTime objects that will contain the same Unix timestamp, but have different timezones attached to them.
Explicit value-less return also results in a NULL generator return value and there is no interference with type hints
FIXME: the test really needs something to fseek(3) on the FILE* used internally for this test to be really effective.
For animated GIFs there are 100 ticks per second, so a value of 20 would be 20/100 of a second aka 1/5th of a second.
Identical to fgets(), except that fgetss() attempts to strip any NUL bytes, HTML and PHP tags from the text it reads.
If a socket resource is passed to this function, the last error which occurred on this particular socket is returned.
If start position is multi-byte character's second byte or larger, it starts from first byte of multi-byte character.
If the flag FILTER_NULL_ON_FAILURE is used, it returns FALSE if the variable is not set and NULL if the filter fails.
If there were any successful queries before receiving the error, this will let you know how many of those there were.
In the event the format is specified, the return value will be an array, content of which is dependent on the format.
Most parameters are input parameters, that is, parameters that are used in a read-only fashion to build up the query.
Registers a PHP function or user-defined function for use as an SQL aggregate function for use within SQL statements.
Return the Julian Day for a Unix timestamp (seconds since 1.1.1970), or for the current day if no timestamp is given.
Returns a Vector of the values produced by applying the specified callback on each key and value from this ImmVector.
Returns an `ImmVector` containing the values after an operation has been applied to each value in the current `Pair`.
Returns whether or not the current connection was established as SSL based on client flag exchanged during handshake.
Returns zero if there was no previous query on the connection or if the query did not update an AUTO_INCREMENT value.
TODO(4017519) PHP5 doesn't have this destructor, we have it to prevent a nasty issue with destructing IntlUConverter.
Test behaviour of shuffle() function when arrays having different types of values, are passed to 'array_arg' argument
Testing fgetcsv() to read a file when provided with default enclosure character  and with delimiter of two characters
The only exception is new MongoClient() (creating a new connection), which will only throw MongoConnectionExceptions.
The return value of ceil() is still of type float as the value range of float is usually bigger than that of integer.
This function is called `mfk` because we are returning a `m`ap, doing a a `f`iltering operation that includes `k`eys.
This function makes the debugger break on the specific line as if a normal file/line breakpoint was set on this line.
This functions returns the input string padded on the left, the right, or both sides to the specified padding length.
This is intended for use much like the __FILE__ magic constant, and only has effect inside an executing phar archive.
This method will return an `ImmVector` with keys 0 and 1, and values 0 and 1, since the keys of a `Pair` are 0 and 1.
To make the tar or zip non-executable, the phar stub and phar alias files are removed from the newly created archive.
To move to a position before the end-of-file, you need to pass a negative value in offset and set whence to SEEK_END.
Traits are flattend into a class, and that semantics is nothing like a type, or interface, and thus, not propergated.
Transforms the source node to a string applying the stylesheet given by the XSLTProcessor::importStylesheet() method.
Unlike array_diff_key() an user supplied callback function is used for the indices comparison, not internal function.
array_multisort() can be used to sort several arrays at once, or a multi-dimensional array by one or more dimensions.
array_replace() is not recursive : it will replace values in the first array by whatever type is in the second array.
array_slice() returns the sequence of elements from the array array as specified by the offset and length parameters.
as an example how to write crc32 tests PHP does not have uint values, you cannot display crc32 like a signed integer.
class with public, private, protected members, static, constant members and constructor to initialize all the members
hphp_array_idx() returns the value at the given key in the given array or the given default value if it is not found.
loop through each element of the values array to check htmlspecialchars_decode() function with all possible arguments
openssl_pkey_get_details() segfaults when getting the information from openssl_pkey_new() with an empty sub-array arg
parse_ini_file() loads in the ini file specified in filename, and returns the settings in it in an associative array.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/directoryiterator.next.php )  Move forward to the next DirectoryIterator item.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/filesystemiterator.current.php )  Get file information of the current element.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionextension.getinientries.php )  Get the ini entries for an extension.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.getstaticvariables.php )  Get the static variables.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getfilename.php )  Gets the filename without any path information.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.fflush.php )  Forces a write of all buffered output to the file.
- Storing an array (instead of an object) in APC might be faster, due to the way I think HHVM can optimize COW arrays.
@return array - Returns an array with the key sizes supported by the algorithm specified by the encryption descriptor.
@return mixed - Returns an array containing all the elements of arr1 after applying the callback function to each one.
@return mixed - Returns an array of integers containing the numeric group ids of the group set of the current process.
After the execution of PDO::query(), MySQL expects you to fetch the results from the line before sending new commands.
Allow the garbage collector to reclaim the memory used by the splay tree no matter how we exit the tear down function.
Based on ext/zlib/tests/zlib_wrapper_flock_basic.php except that locking actually works in HHVM, where it fails in PHP
Because of the way splay trees work, the engine also has to deal with a lot of changes to the large tree object graph.
Besides the blank character this also includes tab, vertical tab, line feed, carriage return and form feed characters.
CREATE SERVER, ALTER SERVER, DROP SERVER We don't really try to use federated, we just want to see if the syntax works
Details: Retracting the given constraint may allow some currently unsatisfiable downstream constraint to be satisfied.
Either v1 or v2 may be changed to maintain this relationship but the scale factor and offset are considered read-only.
Extract a plan for resatisfying starting from the output of the given constraints, usually a set of input constraints.
If you append the string //IGNORE, characters that cannot be represented in the target charset are silently discarded.
If you do not fetch all of the data in a result set before issuing your next call to PDO::query(), your call may fail.
Labels are defined in the executor itself, so we call it with execute_data NULL and it sets zend_opcode_handlers array
On Red Hat variants, this can be caused by a default setting that does not allow Apache to create network connections.
Opening parentheses are counted from left to right (starting from 1) to obtain the number of the capturing subpattern.
Prototype  : array get_class_vars(string class_name) Description: Returns an array of default properties of the class.
Prototype: int get_magic_quotes_runtime  ( void  ) This function is not supported anymore and will always return false
Represents a writer that provides a non-cached, forward-only means of generating streams or files containing XML data.
Returns the ID of the last inserted row, or the last value from a sequence object, depending on the underlying driver.
Returns the actual rows returned by the successful query, each row including the name and typed-value for each column.
Second, this means that any precision beyond milliseconds will be lost when the document is sent to/from the database.
Sets the timestamp nonce handler callback, which will later be called with OAuthProvider::callTimestampNonceHandler().
Tags that use extensions (examples ONLY: extensions MUST be defined by revision or update to this document or by RFC):
Test behaviour of array_rand() function when associative array is passed to the 'input' parameter in the function call
Test fscanf() to scan data using different format types and also tracking the file pointer movement along with reading
Test the deep copy mechanism that is triggered when collection literals are used as initializers for class properties.
The bug (fixed in libiconv 1.8) was confirmed that iconv goes into an infinite loop when ASCII//TRANSLIT is performed.
The first call to ldap_next_attribute() is made with the result_entry_identifier returned from ldap_first_attribute().
The object can be made persistent across request for a given PHP session with the SoapServer::setPersistence() method.
The type of socket created is determined by the transport specified using standard URL formatting: transport://target.
These arrays contain a MySQL link identifier in the 0'th position, and any other values in the remainder of the array.
These routines only convert dates in years 1 through 14 (Gregorian dates 22 September 1792 through 22 September 1806).
This function causes a store to delete the specified flag to the flags set for the messages in the specified sequence.
This function is called `mmk` because we are returning a `m`ap and doing a a `m`apping operation that includes `k`eys.
This function is similar to `Vector::mapWithKey()`, but the mapping of the keys and values is done using `Awaitable`s.
This function is similar to the stat() function except that it operates on an open file pointer instead of a filename.
This is a very simple test which simply confirms that exceptions flowing around continuations don't disturb step over.
This is a wrapper function as lz4compress is now lz4_compress  https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/pull/3169 - 11/07/2014
This is necessary because the generated __xhpAttributeDeclaration() has a call to parent::__xhpAttributeDeclaration().
This is the functional equivalent of calling unlink() on the stream wrapper equivalent, as shown in the example below.
Throwing an exception is different from PHP5, which allows for the ReflectionObject to be created but then fatal hard.
check if there were any failure of setlocale() function earlier, if any  failure then dump the list of failing locales
hack to make tests work with MS SoapToolkit it's the only one that uses this soapaction, and breaks if it isn't right.
loop to check whether given object/string has valid given method name expected: true if valid callback false otherwise
passing different single quoted strings as 'str' argument to the function 'chunklen' is set to 7 and 'ending' is '):('
strict Because of the ordering here, things will fail to load if we don't properly mark A and C as not being hoistable
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.filteriterator.php )  This abstract iterator filters out unwanted values.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/directoryiterator.rewind.php )  Rewind the DirectoryIterator back to the start.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionextension.getclasses.php )  Gets a list of classes from an extension.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.allowsnull.php )  Checks whether the parameter allows NULL.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.isdefault.php )  Checks whether the property is the default.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionproperty.isprotected.php )  Checks whether the property is protected.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/spldoublylinkedlist.offsetunset.php )  Unsets the value at the specified index.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.fputcsv.php )  Writes the fields array to the file as a CSV line.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.offsetset.php )  Sets the value at the specified index to newval.
/* show that the parser must form the longest posisble variable name and that for unknown variables a "" is substituted
@extension  mixed   By default, the extension is .tar.gz or .tar.bz2 for compressing a tar, and .tar for decompressing.
@return - A `Vector` of `AsyncMysqlRowBlock` objects, the total number of which represent the full result of the query.
@return - an `AsyncMysqlClientStats` object to query about event and callback timing to the MySQL client for the query.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if every character in text is a control character from the current locale, FALSE otherwise.
@return mixed - Returns a new xmlwriter resource for later use with the xmlwriter functions on success, FALSE on error.
@return string - Returns a textual description of the contents of the filename argument, or FALSE if an error occurred.
Currently private properties get a control-flow insensitive type (same type at all program points) so this should work.
Determines if the specified character should be regarded as an ignorable character in an identifier, according to Java.
Each call to PDOStatement::fetch() or PDOStatement::fetchAll() will update all the variables that are bound to columns.
If a child has already exited by the time of the call (a so-called "zombie" process), the function returns immediately.
If it returns an empty array then all key sizes between 1 and mcrypt_enc_get_key_size() are supported by the algorithm.
If the array that array_walk() is applied to is changed, the behavior of this function is undefined, and unpredictable.
It works only with a server that exports functions from a class with SoapServer::setClass() or SoapServer::setObject().
Month and weekday names and other language dependent strings respect the current locale set with setlocale() (LC_TIME).
On failure, a -1 will be returned in the parent's context, no child process will be created, and a PHP error is raised.
On some operating systems, you may want to specify a path on a filesystem that handles lots of small files efficiently.
One has to make sure there are no exceptions in between these two calls, as otherwise, it may report incorrect timings.
PHP5 does not have "real" runtime support as of 5.5.7 So the expected behavior is not what you would expect "logically"
Passing a non-existent directory as argument to dir() function and checking to see if proper warning message is output.
Returns FALSE if text contains control characters or characters that do not have any output or control function at all.
Returns a ImmMap of the keys/values produced by applying the specified callback on each key and value from this ImmMap.
Returns the string error message explaining the error generated by the last LDAP command for the given link_identifier.
SessionHandler a special class that can be used to expose the current internal PHP session save handler by inheritance.
Testing token_get_all() with different exception keywords try - T_TRY(336),  catch - T_CATCH(337), throw - T_THROW(338)
The connection, which was opened using Memcache::connect() will be automatically closed at the end of script execution.
There is no element 3 in a `Pair`, but if you specify an element greater than or equal to 2, it will just return empty.
This allows the algorithm to avoid getting into an infinite loop even if the constraint graph has an inadvertent cycle.
This function is called `vmk` because we are returning a `v`ector and doing a `m`apping operation that includes `k`eys.
This function is similar to `Vector::mapWithKey()`, but the mapping of the key/value pairs are done using `Awaitable`s.
This method sets the batchSize value to configure the amount of documents retrieved from the server in one data packet.
This will only return `true` for provided keys of 0 and 1 since those are the only two keys that can exist in a `Pair`.
Unlike array_diff_assoc() an user supplied callback function is used for the indices comparison, not internal function.
While pure sequences seem to be nesting just fine, pure mappings and mappings with sequences inside can't go very deep.
correspond to character codes recognised as hexadecimal digits (see variation2) referred to as 'correct' integers below
ob_gzhandler() determines what type of content encoding the browser will accept and will return its output accordingly.
"G" for GET, "P" for POST, "C" for COOKIE, "S" for string, "L" for list, and "I" for the whole list (will return array).
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.uksort.php )  Sort the entries by key using user defined function.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.count.php )  Get the number of public properties in the ArrayObject.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/directoryiterator.key.php )  Get the key for the current DirectoryIterator item.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/directoryiterator.seek.php )  Seek to a given position in the DirectoryIterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/exception.gettraceasstring.php )  Returns the Exception stack trace as a string.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursivedirectoryiterator.getsubpathname.php )  Gets the sub path and filename.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.isinstance.php )  Checks if an object is an instance of a class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionextension.getconstants.php )  Get defined constants from an extension.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionextension.getfunctions.php )  Get defined functions from an extension.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.setmaxlinelen.php )  Sets the maximum length of a line to be read.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.rewind.php )  Rewind the iterator to the first storage element.
@return mixed - Returns an array containing all of the values in container1 whose values exist in all of the parameters.
@return mixed - Returns an array containing all the values of array1 that are not present in any of the other arguments.
Create an empty Map (if no parameters are passed) or create a Map from an KeyedTraversable (if one parameter is passed).
Depending on how the file is compressed, the bzip2 or zlib extensions must be enabled to take advantage of this feature.
Does some caching to hopefully be pretty cheap to call, especially when there are no errors and the code isn't changing.
Each key of the return value represents an individual field name and the corresponding element represents a field value.
Else, for unconnected sockets, name is the IP address of, the remote host, or NULL if the socket is connection-oriented.
If a key from the first array exists in the second array, its value will be replaced by the value from the second array.
If length is given and is non-negative, then subject will be examined for length characters after the starting position.
If the SplFileObject::READ_CSV flag is set, this method returns an array containing the current line parsed as CSV data.
If the result can be represented as integer it will be returned as type integer, else it will be returned as type float.
If you cause the output to change, inspect the results carefully to ensure we have a balanced enter/exit for every call.
In PHP 7 you can call the public constructor from user code and then you fatal on the first method call to the instance.
In other words, errcontext will contain an array of every variable that existed in the scope the error was triggered in.
It returns FALSE if you call it before calling mysqli_fetch_row/array/object or after retrieving all rows in the result.
MSG_EOF Close the sender side of the socket and include an appropriate notification of this at the end of the sent data.
MongoDBRef is a good choice for this case, as it is a common format that all of the drivers and the database understand.
NumberFormatter methods format primitive-type numbers, such as double and output the number as a locale-specific string.
Or if the flag FILTER_NULL_ON_FAILURE is used, it returns FALSE if the variable is not set and NULL if the filter fails.
PDO::exec() executes an SQL statement in a single function call, returning the number of rows affected by the statement.
Parentheses are not added automatically around the placeholder in the query string, so be sure to add them if necessary.
Pass different integers to ctype_graph() to test which character codes are considered valid visibly printable characters
Passing different types of callback functions to array_walk_recursive() without parameters with less and more parameters
Returns a structure which contains information about which lines were executed in your script (including include files).
See Redis::translateVarArgs()  The method (on this class) called to handle the response is named by the 'handler' field.
Sometimes the message is the same, depending on if there was an explicit normalized string provided by the MySQL client.
Step 2: Use the line between the two points to divide the remaining points into two sets, one for each side of the line.
That this works at all in strict mode is probably a bug, but just making sure it doesn't give an empty position for now.
The ROT13 encoding simply shifts every letter by 13 places in the alphabet while leaving non-alpha characters untouched.
The following static members are used with the getLocale methods of the various locale affected classes, such as numfmt.
This also accounts for why we update _position manually (and similarly, why we set it manually to 0 in the block above).
This function is called `mw` because we are returning a `m`ap of `Awaitable` `w`rapped into `ResultofExceptionWrapper`s.
This function is called `vfk` because we are returning a `v`ector, doing a a `f`iltering operation that includes `k`eys.
This function is similar to `Map::filterWithKey()`, but the filtering of the keys and values is done using `Awaitable`s.
This function sets the domain to search within when calls are made to gettext(), usually the named after an application.
This information can be used to know how the performance of the MySQL client may have affected the connecting operation.
This is a wrapper function as sncompress is now snappy_compress  https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/pull/3258 - 23/07/2014
This method does not affect the state of the cursor: if you haven't queried yet, you can still apply limits, skips, etc.
This test constructs a two sets of variables related to each other by a simple linear transformation (scale and offset).
This will run processes that will get the test infra dependencies (e.g. PHPUnit), frameworks and framework dependencies.
Thus, if you print a cursor (with, say, var_dump() or print_r()), you'll just get the cursor object, not your documents.
To set a mode, the mode character must be the last one set, however there can only be set one mode but multiple options.
You would most commonly use this to set the PDO::ATTR_CURSOR value to PDO::CURSOR_SCROLL to request a scrollable cursor.
hphp_create_object() - Used by ReflectionClass to create a new instance of an object, including calling the constructor.
openssl_pkey_export_to_file() saves an ascii-armoured (PEM encoded) rendition of key into the file named by outfilename.
so fgets will be called even if we are at the end of the file on last time to set the eof flag but it will fail to read.
this doesn't create the include dirs in this directory we change to this to ensure we are not part of the include paths.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.logicexception.php )  Exception that represents error in the program logic.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.outofboundsexception.php )  Exception thrown if a value is not a valid key.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/limititerator.seek.php )  Moves the iterator to the offset specified by position.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phardata.buildfromiterator.php )  Populate a tar or zip archive from an iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getsize.php )  Returns the filesize in bytes for the file referenced.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.setsize.php )  Change the size of an array to the new size of size.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.key.php )  Returns the index at which the iterator currently is.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.serialize.php )  Returns a string representation of the storage.
@return     mixed   A ReflectionMethod object reflecting the class' constructor, or NULL if the class has no constructor.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if every character in text is printable, but neither letter, digit or blank, FALSE otherwise.
@return bool - This function returns FALSE if parser does not refer to a valid parser, or if the option could not be set.
@return float - The value of the channel, as a normalized floating-point number, throwing ImagickPixelException on error.
@return mixed - If the database server successfully prepares the statement, PDO::prepare() returns a PDOStatement object.
@return mixed - Returns TRUE if the certificate can be used for the intended purpose, FALSE if it cannot, or -1 on error.
@return mixed - Returns an array of all of the IMAP alert messages generated or FALSE if no alert messages are available.
API version 1.1.0 is required for SHA-256 and SHA-512 hash, and API version 1.1.1 is required to store empty directories.
Additionally, the port will contain the port of the remote host in the case of an unconnected AF_INET or AF_INET6 socket.
Attempts to set the access and modification times of the file named in the filename parameter to the value given in time.
Create an empty Vector (if no parameters are passed) or create a Vector from an Traversable (if one parameter is passed).
Each recipient must receive both the sealed data and the envelope key that was encrypted with the recipient's public key.
Example: given an input pattern of "d-M H:m", and a skeleton of "MMMMddhhmm", the output pattern will be "dd-MMMM hh:mm".
For example, use the WHERE and SORT BY clauses in SQL to restrict results before retrieving and processing them with PHP.
Given a set of words, perform the appropriate translations on them to match the YAML 1.1 specification for type coercing.
If an error occurs, like the user lacks permission to change the priority, an error of level E_WARNING is also generated.
If empty, all functions will be intercepted by the specified handler and registered individual handlers will be replaced.
If the column in the result set is the result of a function, this value is not returned by PDOStatement::getColumnMeta().
If the optional format is not specified, then the return value will be an integer representing the number of words found.
If you authenticate on connection and the connection drops and reconnects during your session, you'll be reauthenticated.
In addition, if the file is already compressed, the respective extension must be enabled in order to decompress the file.
Memcache will return false if the session key doesn't exist so we return true no matter the result (matches redis module)
Merges the elements of one or more arrays together so that the values of one are appended to the end of the previous one.
Mixing constant strings and class constants, or class constants from different classes doesn't produce shape-like arrays.
PDOStatement::bindColumn() arranges to have a particular variable bound to a given column in the result-set from a query.
PDOStatement::nextRowset() enables you to access the second and subsequent rowsets associated with a PDOStatement object.
Passing a file as argument to dir() function instead of a directory  and checking if proper warning message is generated.
Prototype: array get_included_files  ( void  ) Description: Returns an array with the names of included or required files
Returns the index of the color in the palette of the image which is "closest" to the specified RGB value and alpha level.
Returns the peak of memory, in bytes, that's been allocated to your PHP script since calling memory_start_usage_interval.
Scheduling is done by maintaining a list of task control blocks which holds tasks and the data queue they are processing.
The persistence SOAP_PERSISTENCE_SESSION makes only objects of the given class persistent, but not the class static data.
The valid ones are supposed to have only 2 entries, the first of which is an object or a string, and the second a string.
These calendars are all based directly on the Gregorian calendar  Non-Gregorian calendars need to be specified in locale.
This allows iteration over all elements using foreach or an appropriate while construct, just like SimpleXMLElement does.
Use PDOStatement::columnCount() to return the number of columns in the result set represented by the PDOStatement object.
Use the constants described in the MongoLog section with bitwise operators to check if specific modules are being logged.
We switch to the shallow clone first so that generated files like vendor/ go into the new checkout, not the original one.
While LDAP errno numbers are standardized, different libraries return different or even localized textual error messages.
You need to validate your document with DOMDocument::validate or DOMDocument::validateOnParse before using this function.
array_count_values() returns an array using the values of the input array as keys and their frequency in input as values.
errline The fourth parameter is optional, errline, which contains the line number the error was raised at, as an integer.
identifiers for the actual locale, valid locale WARNING: The values described here are NOT the actual values in PHP code.
no db response  Code: 5  This may not even be an error, for example, the database command "shutdown" returns no response.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.getiterator.php )  Create a new iterator from an ArrayObject instance.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursiveregexiterator.construct.php )  Creates a new regular expression iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getconstructor.php )  Gets the constructor of the reflected class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.innamespace.php )  Checks if this class is defined in a namespace.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.getdoccomment.php )  Get a Doc comment from a function.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/spldoublylinkedlist.push.php )  Pushes value at the end of the doubly linked list.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.offsetexists.php )  Checks whether the requested index index exists.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.next.php )  Moves the iterator to the next object in the storage.
1.flag value as defualt 2.SORT_REGULAR - compare items normally To test the new keys for the elements in the sorted array.
@return     mixed   Returns the maximum line length if one has been set with SplFileObject::setMaxLineLen(), default is 0.
@return - An `AsyncMysqlConnectResult` object or `null` if the `AsyncMysqlConnection` was not created in the MySQL client.
@return bool - This function returns TRUE if the specified algorithm is a block algorithm, or FALSE if it is a stream one.
@return mixed - Returns an array containing all the values from array1 that are not present in any of the other arguments.
@return mixed - Returns an associative array containing all the values in array1 that are present in all of the arguments.
@return mixed - The structure of the returned data is (deliberately) not yet documented, as it is still subject to change.
A limit of -1, 0 or NULL means "no limit" and, as is standard across PHP, you can use NULL to skip to the flags parameter.
A negative value can be used to move backwards through the file which is useful when SEEK_END is used as the whence value.
A positive increment will lower the priority of the current process, whereas a negative increment will raise the priority.
Accessing a tuple-like array with dynamic key in non lvalue position doesn't change the array type - usage with no errors.
By default the name of the method (key in this array) is uppercased to become the actual command sent to the redis server.
CAUTION: the insert_id() API call is not supposed to return the same value as a call to the LAST_INSERT_ID() SQL function.
Do not use addslashes() on strings that have already been escaped with magic_quotes_gpc as you'll then do double escaping.
Emulated prepared statements does not communicate with the database server so PDO::prepare() does not check the statement.
Extra information on how these read preferences work is available as well through the read preferences documentation page.
If not given, iconv_mime_encode() assumes those parameters are presented to it in the iconv.internal_encoding ini setting.
If you override this, it is highly recommended that you set error checking to strict to avoid string interpolation errors.
If you want to fetch the default property without providing an object use ReflectionClass::getDefaultProperties() instead.
If your code has an existing __autoload function then this function must be explicitly registered on the __autoload stack.
If, however, the arrays contain numeric keys, the later value will not overwrite the original value, but will be appended.
Initialise function arguments not being substituted (if any) create temporary directory for test, removed in CLEAN section
It is interesting to note that this is the option that is set when you call `AsyncMysqlClient::setPoolsConnectionLimit()`.
It is not consistent with the normal constructor handling, but here we have a chance to be more strict for the new traits.
On error FALSE is returned and a warning raised (this can happen if the system call is interrupted by an incoming signal).
On systems without fopencookie, the stream is fed into a temporary file, and that temporary file is passed back to the ZE.
Once this resource is adpoted by a call to this function, it is no longer valid in the context on which it was being used.
PREG_OFFSET_CAPTURE   If this flag is passed, for every occurring match the appendant string offset will also be returned.
Pass natcasesort() an array of objects which have properties of different visibilities to test how it re-orders the array.
Prototype : bool session_commit(void) Description : Write session data and end session Source code : ext/session/session.c
Strings, integers and binary data strings are returned as corresponding PHP types, integer array is returned as PHP array.
Test nl2br() function by passing single quoted strings containing various combinations of new line chars to 'str' argument
Testing token_get_all() with source string containing HTML code with PHP HTML tags are considered to be T_INLINE_HTML(311)
The "salt" is a 9-character string consisting of an underscore followed by 4 bytes of iteration count and 4 bytes of salt.
The form of this version number is main_version * 10000 + minor_version * 100 + sub_version (i.e. version 4.1.0 is 40100).
The key to each array element is an option listed above, while the value is an `int` or `string`, depending on the option.
This exception occurs if the driver has already passed your request's response and cannot find your response in its cache.
This function is similar to `Vector::filterWithKey()`, but the mapping of the key/value pairs are done using `Awaitable`s.
This is a wrapper function as lz4hccompress is now lz4_hccompress  https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/pull/3169 - 11/07/2014
This is a wrapper function as lz4uncompress is now lz4_uncompress  https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/pull/3169 - 11/07/2014
This signature is a hash calculated on the entire phar's contents, and may be used to verify the integrity of the archive.
Transforms the source node to a DOMDocument applying the stylesheet given by the XSLTProcessor::importStylesheet() method.
Translate a `KeyedTraversable` of `Awaitables` into a single `Awaitable` of `Map` of key/`ResultOrExceptionWrapper` pairs.
Update any git hashes in case --latest or --latest-record was used and we changed the hashes currently in frameworks.json.
We check the general ini settings which affect error handling and than verify if a message is given by a division by zero.
an array contains unsorted hexadecimal values   There are multiple keys which are duplicate and the later should be picked
clean pattern represents: OK (364 tests, 590 assertions) error pattern represents: Tests: 364, Assertions: 585, Errors: 5.
errfile   The third parameter is optional, errfile, which contains the filename that the error was raised in, as a string.
expect true compare the two stat values, initial stat and stat recorded after  creating file, also dump the value of stats
ext/mysqli will not consider it as a 'persistent' connection in a user sense, ext/mysqli will not appy max_persistent etc.
passing different single quoted strings for 'ending' arguments to chunk_split() 'chunklen' is set to 9.2 for this testcase
port - optional TCP port number, default is the default port for that service flags - optional flags, see following table.
sem_release() releases the semaphore if it is currently acquired by the calling process, otherwise a warning is generated.
strtok() splits a string (str) into smaller strings (tokens), with each token being delimited by any character from token.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.uasort.php )  Sort the entries by values using user defined function.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.splheap.php )  The SplHeap class provides the main functionalities of a Heap.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/directoryiterator.construct.php )  Constructs a new directory iterator from a path.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/norewinditerator.rewind.php )  Prevents the rewind operation on the inner iterator.
@return mixed - The following associative array elements are returned: dirname, basename, extension (if any), and filename.
@return mixed - preg_replace_callback_array() returns an array if the subject parameter is an array, or a string otherwise.
Although this function is only documented as having a single parameter, you may pass additional arguments to this function.
Calculate the walkabout strength, the stay flag, and, if it is 'stay', the value for the current output of this constraint.
Copy a part of src_im onto dst_im starting at the x,y coordinates src_x, src_y with a width of src_w and a height of src_h.
Eval.CodeCoverageOutputFile allows you to specify an output file to store results at end of a script run from command line.
For instance, in the string 'abcdef', the character at position 0 is 'a', the character at position 2 is 'c', and so forth.
However, if you really want, you can set mongo.allow_empty_keys to true in your php.ini file to override this sanity check.
In Safe Mode, the user may only alter environment variables whose names begin with the prefixes supplied by this directive.
In case the PDO_MYSQL_TEST_CHARSET interferes with any defaults we do another test to verify that the charset has been set.
It's unusual and should be reported to maintainers with any system information and steps to reproduce that you can provide.
Language and its setting is ISO-2022-JP/Base64 for Japanese, UTF-8/Base64 for uni, ISO-8859-1/quoted printable for English.
Test copy() function: Trying to create copy of source file  into different destination dir paths given in various notations
Test nl2br() function by passing double quoted strings containing various  combinations of new line chars to 'str' argument
Testing array_map() for following object functionalities: 1) non-existent class 2) existent class and non-existent function
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when delimiter are different from those present in the field to be written to the file
The behavior of assert() may be configured by assert_options() or by .ini-settings described in that functions manual page.
The following keys, if present in configargs behave as their equivalents in the openssl.conf, as listed in the table below.
The return value of floor() is still of type float because the value range of float is usually bigger than that of integer.
The variables of constraints that have been processed are marked with a unique mark value so that we know where we've been.
This ensures that all writes with fwrite() are completed before other processes are allowed to write to that output stream.
This example is taken from the PHP reference docs for the preg_replace_callback_array() function, with slight modification.
This function is called `vw` because we are returning a `v`ector of `Awaitable` `w`rapped into `ResultofExceptionWrapper`s.
This function is similar to `Vector::filterWithKey()`, but the filtering of the keys and values is done using `Awaitable`s.
This function returns a string or an array with all occurrences of search in subject replaced with the given replace value.
This method will destroy the current `AsyncMysqlConnection` object and give you back a vanilla, synchronous MySQL resource.
Yes, this is technically okay at runtime, but we've deliberately decided to ban it due to its error suppression properties.
check if changing the fetch mode from unbuffered to buffered will cause any harm to a statement created prior to the change
iconv.internal_encoding  ISO-8859-1   output-charset string  Specifies the character set to use to compose the MIME header.
show that attempts to use a non-existent property cause one to be created even in the absence of the __set/__get machinery.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/appenditerator.getiteratorindex.php )  Gets the index of the current inner iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getproperty.php )  Gets a ReflectionProperty for a class's property.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.hasproperty.php )  Checks whether the specified property is defined.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/serializable.serialize.php )  Should return the string representation of the object.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/sessionhandlerinterface.write.php )  Writes the session data to the session storage.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.contains.php )  Checks if the storage contains the object provided.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.offsetexists.php )  Checks whether an object exists in the storage.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splpriorityqueue.insert.php )  Insert value with the priority priority in the queue.
@compression mixed   Compression must be one of Phar::GZ, Phar::BZ2 to add compression, or Phar::NONE to remove compression.
@return - an `AsyncMysqlClientStats` object to query about event and callback timing to the MySQL client for the connection.
@return int - Returns 0 if the two operands are equal, 1 if the left_operand is larger than the right_operand, -1 otherwise.
@return int - Returns the number of elements in var, which is typically an array, since anything else will have one element.
@return mixed - Returns an array containing all the entries of container1 which have keys that are present in all arguments.
@return mixed - Returns an array of strings created by splitting the string parameter on boundaries formed by the delimiter.
A "break iterator" is an ICU object that exposes methods for locating boundaries in text (e.g. word or sentence boundaries).
A blank line in a CSV file will be returned as an array comprising a single null field, and will not be treated as an error.
By default it will replace, but if you pass in FALSE as the second argument you can force multiple headers of the same type.
Encoding and decoding are done by the same function, passing an encoded string as argument will return the original version.
Even if we have vendor/, try and grab composer in case we're missing we're running a framework that isn't already installed.
Given the number of iterations in the loop, if we're wasting memory here, we should have megs and megs of extra allocations.
If an invalid pid is specified, then FALSE is returned and an error is set which can be checked with posix_get_last_error().
If an option could not be successfully set, FALSE is immediately returned, ignoring any future options in the options array.
If funcname needs to be working with the actual values of the array, specify the first parameter of funcname as a reference.
In this aspect the behaviour is opposite to the behaviour of array_diff_assoc() which uses internal function for comparison.
LDAP_DEREF_SEARCHING - aliases should be dereferenced during the search but not when locating the base object of the search.
Note: no SQL type tests, internally the same function gets used as for mysql_fetch_array() which does a lot of SQL type test
Prototype : string session_decode(void) Description : Decodes session data from a string Source code : ext/session/session.c
Returns the time that the current xbox thread has been running without a reset, in seconds, and throws for non-xbox threads.
SQLITE3_INTEGER: The value is a signed integer, stored in 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, or 8 bytes depending on the magnitude of the value.
The PHP directive magic_quotes_gpc is on by default, and it essentially runs addslashes() on all GET, POST, and COOKIE data.
The available error level constants and the actual meanings of these error levels are described in the predefined constants.
The loop to ouput the test coverage info Should output: Extension, Class Name, Method/Function Name, Test Status, Test Files
There are close matches for those two skeletons, so the result is put together with this pattern, resulting in "d-MMM h:mm".
There are six methods which wrap the six internal session save handler callbacks (open, close, read, write, destroy and gc).
This behaviour is unlike what array_udiff_assoc() does, since the latter compares the indices by using an internal function.
This cannot be implemented in __construct, because a derived class may implement its own __construct, losing the stacktrace.
This class provides a mechanism to create a pool of connections to a MySQL client that can be utilized and reused as needed.
This is a wrapper function as snuncompress is now snappy_uncompress  https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/pull/3258 - 23/07/2014
This test emulates a regpressure case that occurred with inlining (but probably won't occur later as we improve linearscan).
To fetch only the unique values of a single column from the result set, bitwise-OR PDO::FETCH_COLUMN with PDO::FETCH_UNIQUE.
Warning  There is no way to return another column from the same row if you use PDOStatement::fetchColumn() to retrieve data.
You can iterate over all the fields (columns) of an `AsyncMysqlBlock` one by one until the iterator is not valid any longer.
imagecolorallocatealpha() behaves identically to imagecolorallocate() with the addition of the transparency parameter alpha.
mode tells this function which calendar to convert the Julian Day Count to, and what type of month names are to be returned.
not cgi spec to put query string on command line, but used by a couple tests to catch a security hole in older php versions.
type casting operators : (int), (integer), (float), (real), (double), (string), (array), (object), (bool), (boolean),(unset)
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/appenditerator.rewind.php )  Rewind to the first element of the first inner Iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.traversable.php )  Interface to detect if a class is traversable using foreach.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/pharfileinfo.hasmetadata.php )  Returns the metadata of a file within a phar archive.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.implementsinterface.php )  Checks whether it implements an interface.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/spldoublylinkedlist.offsetset.php )  Sets the value at the specified index to newval.
@return     mixed   Returns a string containing the next line of the file with HTML and PHP code stripped, or FALSE on error.
@return bool - If filename is not a valid upload file, then no action will occur, and move_uploaded_file() will return FALSE.
@return mixed - Returns a typed result if possible or a DOMNodeList containing all nodes matching the given XPath expression.
Accessing a shape-like array with non static key in non lvalue position doesn't change the array type - usage with no errors.
At least one host must be given (port optional, always defaulting to 27017) and as many hosts as desired may be connected to.
Available socket types Type Description SOCK_STREAM Provides sequenced, reliable, full-duplex, connection-based byte streams.
Beware: this benchmark is written in a grotesque style where the constraint model is built by side-effects from constructors.
Entries are returned as soon as they are actionable (i.e., it does not wait for the entire timeout before returning results).
For other type of SQL statements, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, DROP, etc, mysql_query() returns TRUE on success or FALSE on error.
If the optional base parameter is specified, log() returns logbase arg, otherwise log() returns the natural logarithm of arg.
If the split_length length exceeds the length of string, the entire string is returned as the first (and only) array element.
If there is already an open cursor from a previous mysqli_stmt_execute() call, it closes the cursor before opening a new one.
If you get this error, you should use MongoCollection::ensureIndex()'s "name" option to create a shorter name for your index.
Instead of hashing on the actual key for the item, we hash on the server key when deciding which memcached server to talk to.
Memcache::pconnect() is similar to Memcache::connect() with the difference, that the connection it establishes is persistent.
Note: no SQL type tests, internally the same function gets used as for mysqli_fetch_array() which does a lot of SQL type test
PHP 4/5: E_STRICT "Redefining already defined constructor" HHVM (PHP 5 mode), HHVM (PHP 7 mode), PHP 7, 8: No error is raised
PREG_SPLIT_OFFSET_CAPTURE   If this flag is set, for every occurring match the appendant string offset will also be returned.
Passing 'source' argument with different increment/decrement operators to test them for token ++ - T_INC(297) -- - T_DEC(296)
Returns an `ImmVector` containing the values after an operation has been applied to each key and value in the current `Pair`.
Test to confirm that we have the proper number of enter/exit profiling calls for async functions, and that they are balanced.
Test vectors taken from a combination of NIST FIPS-202, Wikipedia reference vectors, and output from reference implementation
Testing fgetcsv() to read a file whose file pointer is pointing to end of file and fgetcsv() provided with enclosure argument
Testing the sizeof() for some of the scalar types(integer, float) values  in default, COUNT_NORMAL and COUNT_RECURSIVE modes.
The configuration option will keep this new value during the script's execution, and will be restored at the script's ending.
The function socket_read() reads from the socket resource socket created by the socket_create() or socket_accept() functions.
This function allows explicitly resetting the error code value either of a socket or of the extension global last error code.
This is not the preferred usage of implode() as glue would be the second parameter and thus, the bad prototype would be used.
This is probably the more common of the two query methods, given its flexibility and automatic escaping in most string cases.
This method accepts either a variable amount of pipeline operators, or a single array of operators constituting the pipeline.
This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree.
To access the other column(s) of the same name, you must use the numeric index of the column or make an alias for the column.
To accommodate this, we prepend any key with a special string prefix, "INT" when it's an int, and "STRING" when its a string.
With a lazy view, memory is allocated for an element only when needed or used in a calculation like in `map()` or `filter()`.
You must call PDOStatement::errorCode() to return the error code for an operation performed on a particular statement handle.
loop through each element of the array and check the working of strtok() when supplied with different string and token values
loop to check that floatval() recognizes different  float values, expected output:float value for valid floating point number
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/appenditerator.getinneriterator.php )  This method returns the current inner iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.setflags.php )  Set the flags that change the behavior of the ArrayObject.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.outofrangeexception.php )  Exception thrown when an illegal index was requested.
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
@return array Array with the opened archive's signature in hash key and MD5, SHA-1, SHA-256, SHA-512, or OpenSSL in hash_type.
@return bool - True if server is going to stop soon, False if server is not running, or is running without a schedule to stop.
@return mixed - mb_ereg_search() returns TRUE if the multibyte string matches with the regular expression, or FALSE otherwise.
A valid signature is absolutely required of all executable phar archives if the phar.require_hash INI variable is set to true.
Astronomically low chance of a false positive here, and making sure we don't accidentally return a constant value is worth it.
Do not use Memcache::decrement() with item, which was stored compressed, because consequent call to Memcache::get() will fail.
Flag values for msg_receive MSG_IPC_NOWAIT If there are no messages of the desiredmsgtype, return immediately and do not wait.
Having located a specific entry in the directory, you can find out what information is held for that entry by using this call.
If multiple output callback functions are active, output is being filtered sequentially through each of them in nesting order.
If you don't need fancy replacing rules, you should generally use this function instead of preg_replace() with the i modifier.
If you want to deliver thumbnails through this function, you should send the mimetype information using the header() function.
Let's just really make sure the dependencies didn't get installed by checking the vendor directories to see if they are empty.
Note that profiling slows down queries, so it is better to use in development or testing than in a time-sensitive application.
Returns FALSE, and does not write the CSV line to the file, if the delimiter or enclosure parameter is not a single character.
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Map` after a filtering operation has been applied to each value in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
Testing fgetcsv() to read from a file when the delimiter argument value is not present in the line being read by the fgetcsv()
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when default enclosure value and delimiter value other than that in the field is provided
The MongoClient::close() method forcefully closes a connection to the database, even if persistent connections are being used.
The connection pool will either create a new connection or use one of the recently available connections from the pool itself.
The field contains a comma separated list containing the user's full name, office phone, office number, and home phone number.
The main code, pull requests, and dependencies have been fetched at this point, and the autoload map will have been generated.
The use of the dummy node is a bit counter-intuitive: The right child of the dummy node will hold the L tree of the algorithm.
The values in the `Vector` of the returned `Awaitable` are not available until you `await` or `join` the returned `Awaitable`.
The values of the provided `Traversable` is concatenated to the end of the current `Pair` to produce the returned `ImmVector`.
This class is instantiated when an `AsyncMysqlQueryException` is thrown and `AsyncMysqlQueryException::getResult()` is called.
This implementation of the DeltaBlue benchmark is derived from the Smalltalk implementation by John Maloney and Mario Wolczko.
This is useful when you don't have a filesystem (RepoAuthoritative mode) but still want to know if including a file will work.
This is very much like the value normally returned, except that a result identifier is always returned when a search was made.
UTF-8, UTF-7, ASCII, EUC-JP,SJIS, eucJP-win, SJIS-win, JIS, ISO-2022-JP For ISO-8859-*, mbstring always detects as ISO-8859-*.
Use this function to toggle the number of allowed async connections on the pools connecting to MySQL with this current client.
We do not need to constrain the type parameter for type definitions since they cannot put constraints on their type parameters
When 500 fatal error is about to display, it will invoke this PHP page with all global states right at when the error happens.
When the value in array and array1 are both arrays, array_replace_recursive() will replace their respective value recursively.
at least 64 patterns required to trigger the WuManberReplacement algorithm One of the pattern needs to be longer than one byte
call fgetcsv() to parse csv fields read the line which is without csv fields, provide delimiter and see the working of fgetcsv
get the Xenon data then verify that there are no unknown functions and that all of the functions in this file are in the stack
gzopen can read compressed and uncompressed so we also need to look for the magic number (x1f x8b) to prove it was compressed.
passing different strings for 'ending' and heredoc string as 'str' to chunk_split() 'chunklen' is set to 6E0 for this testcase
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/filesystemiterator.construct.php )  Constructs a new filesystem iterator from the path.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.loadphar.php )  This can be used to read the contents of an external Phar archive.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/pharfileinfo.getpharflags.php )  This returns the flags set in the manifest for a Phar.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursiveiteratoriterator.getinneriterator.php )  Gets the current active sub iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splsubject.attach.php )  Attaches an SplObserver so that it can be notified of updates.
@return mixed - Returns an array containing the matched files/directories, an empty array if no file matched or FALSE on error.
@return mixed - Returns an array of strings that corresponds to the fetched row or NULL if there are no more rows in resultset.
@return mixed - Returns input entries that are now ready for action (such as a connection has completed or rows are available).
@since PHP 5.1  This can be used for strings length, array size, file size, number of elements read from an Iterator and so on.
A small array based on PHP_OS should cover a majority of systems and makes the problem of locales transparent for the end user.
An unprivileged process may only set its soft limit to a value from 0 to the hard limit, and irreversibly lower its hard limit.
As idate() always returns an integer and as they can't start with a "0", idate() may return fewer digits than you would expect.
Binds a value to a corresponding named or question mark placeholder in the SQL statement that was use to prepare the statement.
Calendar information is returned as an array containing the elements calname, calsymbol, month, abbrevmonth and maxdaysinmonth.
Create an empty ImmMap (if no parameters are passed) or create an ImmMap from an KeyedTraversable (if one parameter is passed).
Dump PHP array to YAML  The dump method, when supplied with an array, will do its best to convert the array into friendly YAML.
For now, as this is the one difference only between 0.9.x and 1.x, it's handled with placeholders to not to duplicate the test.
Freeman-Benson and John Maloney January 1990 Communications of the ACM, also available as University of Washington TR 89-08-06.
If it returns an empty array then all key sizes between 1 and mcrypt_module_get_algo_key_size() are supported by the algorithm.
If it's equal to zero, the item will be deleted right away whereas if you set it to 30, the item will be deleted in 30 seconds.
If several arrays are passed for replacement, they will be processed in order, the later array overwriting the previous values.
If start is given and is negative, then strspn() will begin examining subject at the start'th position from the end of subject.
If, however, the arrays have the same numeric key, the later value will not overwrite the original value, but will be appended.
It's in manpage format, so you'll want to do something along the lines of man /usr/local/src/regex/regex.7 in order to read it.
MongoCollection::group takes an array, object, or MongoCode key  Code: 7 Wrong type parameter send to MongoCollection::group().
Not all conversion specifiers may be supported by your C library, in which case they will not be supported by PHP's strftime().
Note invalid dirs in p8 result in (The system cannot find the path specified.) rather than No Such File or Directory in php.net
Notifies the runner that we're done with running a suite and that we have a result which can be reported to the user if needed.
ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE" queries, the return value will be 1 if an insert was performed, or 2 for an update of an existing row.
Pass a directory handle pointing to a directory that contains  files with different file names to test how readdir() reads them
Prototype  : void date_add(DateTime object, DateInterval interval) Description: Adds an interval to the current date in object.
Prototype : bool session_write_close(void) Description : Write session data and end session Source code : ext/session/session.c
Put any script error to a file when we are in a mode like --csv and want to control what gets printed to something like STDOUT.
Return a formatted string  Operates as sprintf() but accepts an array of arguments, rather than a variable number of arguments.
RocksDB team forked this file from phabricator's /src/lint/linter/ArcanistCpplintLinter.php, and customized it for its own use.
Second time through, it is in fact a call to extract, so we better handle merging the new information into the ActRec properly.
Testing fgetcsv() to read from a file when provided with negative length argument  along with delimiter and enclosure arguments
The center of rotation is the center of the image, and the rotated image may have different dimensions than the original image.
The first call to imagecolorallocate() fills the background color in palette-based images - images created using imagecreate().
The following code is an optimized version that executes as few valid() calls as necessary and that only checks the flags once.
The function does not distinguish between static and non static properties and does not take visibility modifiers into account.
The runtime sees that x exists, but is invisible, so it calls __get to search for a dynamic property of that name, which fails.
The values in the array will be strings for uniquely specified headers, but arrays where a header was specified more than once.
This function returns the portion of haystack which starts at the last occurrence of needle and goes until the end of haystack.
This serialization matches the output of xdebug_var_dump, but isn't useful because there isn't a way to unserialize the string.
This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the LICENSE file in the "hack" directory of this source tree.
To check whether the system is using a configuration file, try retrieving the value of the cfg_file_path configuration setting.
To return an associative array grouped by the values of a specified column, bitwise-OR PDO::FETCH_COLUMN with PDO::FETCH_GROUP.
Warning Never use gettype() to test for a certain type, since the returned string may be subject to change in a future version.
fputcsv() formats a line (passed as a fields array) as CSV and write it (terminated by a newline) to the specified file handle.
openssl_verify() verifies that the signature is correct for the specified data using the public key associated with pub_key_id.
without the correct inference of foo as an async generator, this would raise an error about an Awaitable being used dangerously
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.natsort.php )  Sort the entries by values using "natural order" algorithm.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/iteratoriterator.construct.php )  Creates an iterator from anything that is traversable.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursiveiterator.getchildren.php )  Returns an iterator for the current iterator entry.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.hasmethod.php )  Checks whether a specific method is defined in a class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getmtime.php )  Returns the time when the contents of the file were changed.
@return     mixed   If the return parameter is set to TRUE, then the export is returned as a string, otherwise NULL is returned.
@return array - Returns an associative array, with the error code in the errno entry, and the error message in the errstr entry.
@return mixed - Returns the size of the file in bytes, or FALSE (and generates an error of level E_WARNING) in case of an error.
Autoincrementing does not work well with a sharded database, as it is impossible to find what the next number should be quickly.
Create an empty ImmVector (if no parameters are passed) or create an ImmVector from an Traversable (if one parameter is passed).
Ensures that this Map contains only keys/values for which the specified callback returns true when passed the key and the value.
Ensures that this Set contains only keys/values for which the specified callback returns true when passed the key and the value.
Every array has an internal pointer to its "current" element, which is initialized to the first element inserted into the array.
Failover may occur at any stage in any of the methods, as long as other servers are available the request the user won't notice.
For other type of SQL statements, UPDATE, DELETE, DROP, etc, mysql_unbuffered_query() returns TRUE on success or FALSE on error.
Identical to getimagesize() except that getimagesizefromstring() accepts a string instead of a file name as the first parameter.
If length is specified and is negative then the end of the removed portion will be that many elements from the end of the array.
If several arrays are passed for replacement, they will be processed in order, the later arrays overwriting the previous values.
If the database was set to autocommit mode, this function will restore autocommit mode after it has rolled back the transaction.
If the directory does not exist, tempnam() may generate a file in the system's temporary directory, and return the name of that.
If the previous error handler was a class method, this function will return an indexed array with the class and the method name.
In non-blending mode, the drawing color is copied literally with its alpha channel information, replacing the destination pixel.
It is also possible to add LOCK_NB as a bitmask to one of the above operations if you don't want flock() to block while locking.
It is possible that this really is idx(), but you can only make that determination after understanding the context of the error.
Need to manually check since we might do several reads none of which timeout themselves but still not get the response requested
New and all executors with CALL threading model can use the same handler for undefined opcodes, do we emit code for it only once
Pass strings containing different character types to ctype_digit() to test which are considered valid decimal digit only strings
Prototype  : array gd_info() Description: Retrieve information about the currently installed GD library Source code: ext/gd/gd.c
Several PCRE modifiers are also available, including the deprecated 'e' (PREG_REPLACE_EVAL), which is specific to this function.
Some possible uses for meta-data include passing a user/group that should be set when a file is extracted from the phar to disk.
Special values for locales can be passed in - if null is passed for the locale, the default locale collation rules will be used.
The encryption handle should always be initialized with mcrypt_generic_init() with a key and an IV before calling this function.
The first element of the array will be the beginning of matched part, the second element will be length (bytes) of matched part.
The lowest byte of the int is reserved for pecl/memcache internal usage (e.g. to indicate compression and serialization status).
The running script must have executable permissions on all directories in the hierarchy, otherwise realpath() will return FALSE.
The socket_get_option() function retrieves the value for the option specified by the optname parameter for the specified socket.
There is no element 3 in a `Pair`, but if you specify an element greater than 2, it will just return all elements in the `Pair`.
This function returns a copy of str, translating all occurrences of each character in from to the corresponding character in to.
This is a privileged function and needs appropriate privileges (usually root) on the system to be able to perform this function.
This is useful for creating flood-fill-like effects in palleted images without the overhead of performing the actual flood-fill.
To test if a variable is a number or a numeric string (such as form input, which is always a string), you must use is_numeric().
Uuencode translates all strings (including binary's ones) into printable characters, making them safe for network transmissions.
Without this mask set the error_handler will be called for every error regardless to the setting of the error_reporting setting.
configure DOCUMENT_ROOT for web tests this assumes that directories from the base url matches directory depth from the base path
mb_output_handler() converts characters in the output buffer from internal character encoding to HTTP output character encoding.
preg_filter() is identical to preg_replace() except it only returns the (possibly transformed) subjects where there was a match.
stat contains 13 different values stored twice, can be accessed using  numeric and named keys, compare them to see they are same
xml_parser_create() creates a new XML parser and returns a resource handle referencing it to be used by the other XML functions.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.exchangearray.php )  Exchange the current array with another array or object.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.ksort.php )  Sorts the entries by key, maintaining key to entry correlations.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.cachingiterator.php )  This object supports cached iteration over another iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.reflectionclass.php )  The ReflectionClass class reports information about a class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/pharfileinfo.decompress.php )  This method decompresses the file inside the Phar archive.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.hastype.php )  Checks if the parameter has a type associated with it.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/sessionhandlerinterface.open.php )  Re-initialize existing session, or creates a new one.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.isdir.php )  This method can be used to determine if the file is a directory.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.tostring.php )  This method will return the file name of the referenced file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.flock.php )  Locks or unlocks the file in the same portable way as flock().
(We need to make sure we propagate the state before the SetN to the catch block, since it can throw from the object __toString.).
@return - an `AsyncMysqlClientStats` object to query about event and callback timing to the MySQL client for the specific result.
@return object - Returns an object with string properties that correspond to the fetched row, or FALSE if there are no more rows.
Additionally, not all platforms support negative timestamps, so your date range may be limited to no earlier than the Unix epoch.
After remaining idle on the server for some amount of time, cursors, by default, "die." This is generally the behavior one wants.
As a result, gd automatically blends the existing color at that point with the drawing color, and stores the result in the image.
Both dn and extraattribs are associative arrays whose keys are converted to OIDs and applied to the relevant part of the request.
But the namespace declaration start handler is called before the start tag handler for each namespace declared in that start tag.
By default, this method will not overwrite existing files, the third parameter can be set to true to enable overwriting of files.
DEBUG_BACKTRACE_IGNORE_ARGS  Whether or not to omit the "args" index, and thus all the function/method arguments, to save memory.
Defaults to -1, which means that whether the time zone has daylight saving or not is not taken into consideration when searching.
Either these methods are implemented to actually locally account for differences in these implementations, or is entirely common.
If called with two arguments, it sets the value of note note_name to note_value and returns the previous value of note note_name.
If name is empty, all previously registered handlers, including those that are set by individual function names, will be removed.
If offset is negative, iconv_substr() cuts out the portion beginning at the position, offset characters away from the end of str.
If start is negative, fb_utf8_substr() cuts out the portion beginning at the position, start characters away from the end of str.
If the SQLSTATE error code is not set or there is no driver-specific error, the elements following element 0 will be set to NULL.
Inserts a node into the tree with the specified key and value if the tree does not already contain a node with the specified key.
Note: This path may vary depending on customizations to bin-dir in  composer.json or the environmental variable COMPOSER_BIN_DIR.
On versions of PHP before 5.3.2, the lock is released also by fclose() (which is also called automatically when script finished).
Put a side effect in the function designator and see the order of evaluation of that compared with the argument list expressions.
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Vector` after a filtering operation has been applied to each value in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
Returns an `ImmVector` containing the values of the current `Pair` that meet a supplied condition applied to its keys and values.
Run either for 1 second or for the number of iterations specified by minIterations, depending on the config flag doDeterministic.
Since xdebug writes profiling results on request shutdown, we have to manually run a php process to test profiling output results
Test mixed constructors from different traits, we are more strict about these cases, since that can lead to un-expected behavior.
The MongoResultException is thrown by several command helpers (such as MongoCollection::findAndModify()) in the event of failure.
The array represents each row as either an array of column values or an object with properties corresponding to each column name.
The last provision is for past states of history variables, which are not stay but which are also not computed by any constraint.
This exception is thrown when exceptional errors occur while using the OAuth extension and contains useful debugging information.
This function sorts an array such that array indices maintain their correlation with the array elements they are associated with.
This function will not return configuration information set when the PHP was compiled, or read from an Apache configuration file.
This is a privileged function that needs appropriate privileges (usually root) on the system to be able to perform this function.
This is the handler signature:    voidhandler Exceptionex NULL may be passed instead, to reset this handler to its default state.
This is used when the input skeleton contains both date and time fields, but there is not a close match among the added patterns.
WarningThis function may return Boolean FALSE, but may also return a non-Boolean value which evaluates to FALSE, such as 0 or "".
When using empty() ArrayAccess::offsetGet() will be called and checked if empty only if ArrayAccess::offsetExists() returns TRUE.
When we are out of callee-saved registers, we should still do pre-coloring opt instead of picking a random callee-saved register.
XXX the MySQL client library version isn't exposed with any  constants, the single possibility is to use the PDO::getAttribute().
Xdebug only records whether or not a line has been excuted, this implementation includes the number of times a line was executed.
You can use this to install CLI utilities globally, all you need is to add the COMPOSER_HOME/vendor/bin dir to your PATH env var.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.recursiveiteratoriterator.php )  Can be used to iterate through recursive iterators.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/directoryiterator.tostring.php )  Get the file name of the current DirectoryIterator item.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunction.invokeargs.php )  Invokes the function and pass its arguments as array.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.isdeprecated.php )  Returns whether the function is deprecated.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/spldoublylinkedlist.valid.php )  Checks if the doubly linked list contains any more nodes.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.construct.php )  Creates a new SplFileInfo object for the file_name specified.
@return     mixed   returns TRUE on success, but it is better to check for thrown exception, and assume success if none is thrown.
@return array - PDO::errorInfo() returns an array of error information about the last operation performed by this database handle.
@return array - Returns an associative array of defined object accessible non-static properties for the specified object in scope.
At the time of this test's creation, this sequence of code generated redundant loads from the property for the CGetM and the SetM.
Based on the internal implementations or the files in the examples subdirectory there are also some .php files to experiment with.
Bump the version if you're making changes that will affect that scores, e.g. if you add a new benchmark or change an existing one.
Creates an array by using the values from the keys array as keys and the values from the values array as the corresponding values.
If limit is set, the returned array will contain a maximum of limit  elements with the last element containing the rest of string.
If matches are found, the new subject will be returned, otherwise subject will be returned unchanged or NULL if an error occurred.
If no filename is given, then the trace file will be placed in the directory as configured by the xdebug.trace_output_dir setting.
If omitted, the default value for this argument is ISO-8859-1 in versions of PHP prior to 5.4.0, and UTF-8 from PHP 5.4.0 onwards.
If you call next(), these "dual" iterators will need to get the key and current value out of the underlying iterator and store it.
Only values that meet a certain criteria are affected by a call to `filter()`, while all values are affected by a call to `map()`.
Prototype  : proto array get_class_methods(mixed class) Description: Returns an array of method names for class or class instance.
Prototype : bool session_destroy(void) Description : Destroys all data registered to a session Source code : ext/session/session.c
Returns an `ImmVector` that is the concatenation of the values of the current `Pair` and the values of the provided `Traversable`.
Returns an associative array containing the date information of the timestamp, or the current local time if no timestamp is given.
Similarly to Memcache::increment(), current value of the item is being converted to numerical and after that value is substracted.
Test behaviour of shuffle() function when associative arrays  having different types of values, are passed to 'array_arg' argument
Testing fgetcsv() to read from a file when provided with negative length argument  along with delimiter and no enclosure arguments
The typical effect is that each web server child will retry the connection about every retry_interval seconds when serving a page.
This allows you to specify (in your machine's syslog configuration) how messages coming from different facilities will be handled.
This is not necessary in Windows because the cast to a FILE* handle in curl_setopt already forces the conversion in that platform.
You may need to call rewind() to reset the file pointer to the beginning of the file if you have already written data to the file.
cannot modify cursor after beginning iteration Code: 0  You are calling a method that sets up the query after executing the query.
escapeshellcmd() escapes any characters in a string that might be used to trick a shell command into executing arbitrary commands.
mysql_query() will also fail and return FALSE if the user does not have permission to access the table(s) referenced by the query.
repeat the data a few times so that it grows larger than the default cache chunk size and that we have something to seek around...
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.overflowexception.php )  Exception thrown when adding an element to a full container.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.getsupportedsignatures.php )  Return array of supported signature types No parameters.
@return - an `ImmVector` containing the values after a user-specified operation on the current `Pair`'s keys and values is applied.
@return array - Returns numerically indexed array containing associative array with all transitions on success or FALSE on failure.
@return string - The value of the attribute, or an empty string if no attribute with the given localName and namespaceURI is found.
As error levels are added, the range of integers increases, so older integer-based error levels will not always behave as expected.
As of PHP 4.2.0, there is no need to seed the random number generator with srand() or mt_srand() as this is now done automatically.
Determines whether the specified code point is a "blank" or "horizontal space", a character that visibly separates words on a line.
Do not use Memcache::increment() with items that have been stored compressed because subsequent calls to Memcache::get() will fail.
HHVM extensions don't (currently) track what consts/ini/funcs/classes are associated with them (nor do they track a unique number).
If array_map() is called by other means, it dispatches to this version which allows variadic array counts and deals with bad types.
If locale is empty string "", the locale names will be set from the values of environment variables with the same names as from ENV
In case 1, the added constraint is stronger than the stay constraint and values must propagate down the entire length of the chain.
Note that this is not the case when compiling with WholeProgram mode, and Option::HardTypeHints, so this test is disabled for repo.
Other keys in associative arrays dependant on 'type'    Type Extra Columns     A  ip: An IPv4 addresses in dotted decimal notation.
Prototype  : bool curl_exec(resource ch) Description: Perform a cURL session  Source code: ext/curl/interface.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto string posix_strerror(int errno) Description: Retrieve the system error message associated with the given errno.
Providing various permissions to the directory to be opened and checking to see if dir() function opens the directory successfully.
Put the proxy information in its own "struct-like" class for easy access in case folks outside this proxy wall need to change them.
Shift_JIS SJIS, 932 Japanese EUC-JP EUCJP Japanese Any other character sets are not recognized and ISO-8859-1 will be used instead.
Testing sort() by providing arrays with default keys and assoc arrays  to check the basic functionality with following flag values.
The contents of the file are pulled out of MongoDB on the fly, so that the whole file does not have to be loaded into memory first.
The majority of the Redis API is implemented by __call which references this list for how the individual command should be handled.
Therefore, "B::foo()" and "call_user_func('B::foo')" and "call_user_func(array('B', 'foo'))" should all produce consistent results.
This is a fairly aggressive test that looks at user streams and also gives the seek/gets/buffer layer of streams a thorough testing
Thus, if a query is sorted by a given field in ascending order, any document with a MongoMaxKey as its value will be returned last.
To use LDAP with SSL, compile OpenLDAP 2.x.x with SSL support, configure PHP with SSL, and set this parameter as ldaps://hostname/.
Unlike the strrpos() before PHP 5, this function can take a full string as the needle parameter and the entire string will be used.
Use the mysql_tablename() function to traverse this result pointer, or any function for result tables, such as mysql_fetch_array().
Warning base_convert() may lose precision on large numbers due to properties related to the internal "double" or "float" type used.
loop though each element of the array and check the working of ksort() when 'sort_flags' argument is supplied with different values
loop to check that doubleval() also recognizes different  float values, expected output:float value for valid floating point number
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.countable.php )  Classes implementing Countable can be used with the count() function.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.reflectionmethod.php )  The ReflectionMethod class reports information about a method.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/limititerator.getposition.php )  Gets the current zero-based position of the inner Iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getendline.php )  Gets end line number from a user-defined class definition.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionextension.info.php )  Prints out the " phpinfo()" snippet for the given extension.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.getdeclaringclass.php )  Gets the declaring class for the reflected method.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.getinfo.php )  Returns the data associated with the current iterator entry.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.offsetget.php )  Returns the data associated with an object in the storage.
- Decide whether proxy-based code needs to be solidified better or whether we should just add the frameworks to our repo officially.
- The creation (and appending to) a summary file that lists all frameworks run and the pass percentage (or fatal) of each framework.
@defgroup ZendEngine Zend engine classes  The classes and interfaces in this group are contained in the c-code of PHP's Zend engine.
@return bool - This function returns FALSE if parser does not refer to a valid parser, or else it frees the parser and returns TRUE.
@return mixed                   - Returns an ODBC result identifier if the SQL command was executed successfully, or FALSE on error.
Accessing a nested shape-like array with non static key in non lvalue position doesn't change the array type - usage with no errors.
Caution (Windows only) When PHP is talking to a SMTP server directly, if a full stop is found on the start of a line, it is removed.
Choice formats can be used in conjunction with MessageFormatter to handle plurals, match numbers, and select from an array of items.
Files as stored across two collections, the first containing file meta information, the second containing chunks of the actual file.
Generates cryptographic random integers that are suitable for use where unbiased results are critical (e.g. shuffling a Poker deck).
If the error message is not listed above, it is probably an error from the C socket, and you can search the web for its usual cause.
If you want to split on any of the characters which are considered special by regular expressions, you'll need to escape them first.
In PHP 4.0.4, ob_gzhandler() was introduced to facilitate sending gz-encoded data to web browsers that support compressed web pages.
Of course, if length is zero then this function will have the effect of inserting replacement into string at the given start offset.
On Windows, setlocale(LC_ALL, '') sets the locale names from the system's regional/language settings (accessible via Control Panel).
Pass strings containing different character types to ctype_cntrl() to test which are considered valid control character only strings
Prototype  : proto string urlencode(string str) Description: URL-encodes string  Source code: ext/standard/url.c Alias to functions:
Rather than retrieving all of the data and manipulating it in PHP, consider using the database server to manipulate the result sets.
Repeated use of Tv bound to something different in each class is meant to be a stress-test of tricksy typing_decl instantiation code
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Map` after a mapping operation has been applied to each key and value in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
Specifying the socket parameter will not explicitly determine the type of connection to be used when connecting to the MySQL server.
The goal is to provide insight into the perf costs of simple constructs to aid early design choices for writing performant PHP/Hack.
The keys and values in the `Map` of the returned `Awaitable` are not available until you `await` or `join` the returned `Awaitable`.
The shutdown callbacks are executed as the part of the request, so it's possible to send output from them and access output buffers.
The typechecker intentionally does not recognize this, however, you can use it in combination with // UNSAFE if absolutely required.
These two constants specify how many times a packet is queued and how many times a task is put on hold in a correct run of richards.
This function simplifies the common pattern of checking for an index in an array and selecting a default value if it does not exist.
This will throw an exception (from the finally) during auto-priming, so fails TODO: Remove this next when HHVM supports auto-priming
Thus, if a query is sorted by a given field in ascending order, any document with a MongoMinKey as its value will be returned first.
Using this parameter is much more efficient than the default action (which is to return all attributes and their associated values).
We can't check if a parameter isn't passed, we can only check its default value, but that fails if I want to pass the default value.
You must call PDOStatement::errorInfo() to return the error information for an operation performed on a particular statement handle.
Zend's implementation of call_user_func() and forward_static_call() has a few corner cases where its behavior is strictly incorrect.
couldn't find reply, please try again  Code: 11  The driver saves any database responses it cannot immediately match with a request.
expect true compare the two stat values, initial stat and stat recorded after  creating files and link, also dump the value of stats
fails at runtime, but we don't unpack the container's content type because issuing errors for mixed pretty much destroys the feature
i - add PID of the current process currently PHP is not multi-threaded, so it should be save to test for the PID of this PHP process
loop though each element of the array and check the working of krsort() when 'sort_flags' argument is supplied with different values
mb_convert_variables() join strings in Array or Object to detect encoding, since encoding detection tends to fail for short strings.
username and password are specified, the constructor will attempt to authenticate the connection with the database before returning.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.reflectionobject.php )  The ReflectionObject class reports information about an object.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursivearrayiterator.getchildren.php )  Returns an iterator for the current iterator entry.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursiveregexiterator.getchildren.php )  Returns an iterator for the current iterator entry.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionextension.tostring.php )  Exports a reflected extension and returns it as a string.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.getstartline.php )  Gets the starting line number of the function.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/spldoublylinkedlist.unshift.php )  Prepends value at the beginning of the doubly linked list.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getpathinfo.php )  Gets an SplFileInfo object for the parent of the current file.
******************** Public functions  We may have to special case frameworks that don't use phpunit for their testing (e.g. ThinkUp)
@return     mixed   An associative array of interfaces, with keys as interface names and the array values as ReflectionClass objects.
@return - A `float` representing the the number of seconds ago since epoch that we had successful activity on the current connection.
@return mixed - Return the numeric position of the last occurrence of needle in the haystack string, or FALSE if needle is not found.
A timeout can be set at any time and will affect subsequent queries on the cursor, including fetching more results from the database.
Accessing a tuple-like array with dynamic key in non lvalue position doesn't change the array type - usage that should report errors.
Also, in practice, once you've unset a property in hhbbc's current type system, it will end up at TCell, so we can't really see this.
Baz::f is inconsistent with Foo:f, but we don't detect this error because we only check the direct parent of a class for consistency.
If converting to a tar-based phar archive, the default extensions are .tar, .tar.gz, and .tar.bz2 depending on specified compression.
If search and replace are arrays, then str_replace() takes a value from each array and uses them to do search and replace on subject.
If subject is an array, then the search and replace is performed on every entry of subject, and the return value is an array as well.
If the number of affected rows is greater than maximal PHP int value, the number of affected rows will be returned as a string value.
In pagelet mode expecting regular decimal point(.) and Dutch (default) date (vrijdag 22 december 1978) depending on what's passed in.
In the returned locale id, the subtag is ordered by suffix resulting in variant0 followed by variant1 followed by variant2 and so on.
It will only reject simple variables that are not strings, or an array that does not have a valid structure to be used as a callback.
Like any "latent cursor", the cursor may become invalid at some point -- for example if that final object it references were deleted.
Note that all zip- and tar-based phar archives must contain .phar in their file extension in order to be processed as a phar archive.
Omitting this parameter (or setting it to 0 in PHP 5.0.4 and later) the maximum line length is not limited, which is slightly slower.
On systems where time_t is a 32bit signed integer, as most common today, the valid range for year is somewhere between 1901 and 2038.
On the contrary, the mysqlnd way is a reasonable one and, maybe, one fine day, after Klingons visited earh, becomes the official one.
Prototype  : bool curl_multi_exec(resource ch) Description: Perform a cURL session  Source code: ext/curl/multi.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto int posix_get_last_error(void) Description: Retrieve the error number set by the last posix function which failed.
Prototype  : string realpath(string path) Description: Return the resolved path  Source code: ext/standard/file.c Alias to functions:
Prototype : array session_get_cookie_params(void) Description : Get the session cookie parameters Source code : ext/session/session.c
Queries the remote side of the given socket which may either result in host/port or in a Unix filesystem path, dependent on its type.
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Vector` containing after a mapping operation has been applied to each value in the provided `Traversable`.
Starting from PHP 5, the input encoding is automatically detected, so that the encoding parameter specifies only the output encoding.
Takes a source file and outputs HTML source highlighting showing the number of hits on each line, highlights un-executed lines in red
Testing fgetcsv() to read a file whose file pointer is pointing to end of file and fgetcsv() provided with default enclosure argument
The calendar was created in 46 B.C., but the details did not stabilize until at least 8 A.D., and perhaps as late at the 4th century.
The new position, measured in bytes from the beginning of the file, is obtained by adding offset to the position specified by whence.
The optional parameters allow optional control over which files are extracted, and whether existing files on disk can be overwritten.
There is no particular difference in how the driver or server interpret different types, so by and large they are irrelevant for now.
This basically copies zend/ext/spl/tests/SplFixedArray_setSize_param_null.php but changes the expectf to match hhvm's var_dump output
This function can modify and check the file extensions that the built in __autoload() fallback function spl_autoload() will be using.
This information can be used to know how the performance of the MySQL client may have affected the operation that produced the error.
You must include a unique parameter marker for each value you wish to pass in to the statement when you call PDOStatement::execute().
an array containng unsorted hexadecimal values with keys   There are multiple keys which are duplicate and the later should be picked
array_shift() shifts the first value of the array off and returns it, shortening the array by one element and moving everything down.
close the file if the mode to be used is read mode  and re-open using read mode else rewind the file pointer to beginning of the file
loop to check that intval() recognizes different  integer values, expected output:integer value in decimal notation for valid integer
mysqli_store_result() returns FALSE in case the query didn't return a result set (if the query was, for example an INSERT statement).
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.reflectionfunctionabstract.php )  A parent class to ReflectionFunction and ParentMethod.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.splfixedarray.php )  The SplFixedArray class provides the main functionalities of array.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phardata.addemptydir.php )  With this method, an empty directory is created with path dirname.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getmodifiers.php )  Returns a bitfield of the access modifiers for this class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.getfilename.php )  Gets the file name from a user-defined function.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getfileinfo.php )  This method gets an SplFileInfo object for the referenced file.
@return     mixed   A ReflectionExtension object representing the extension which defined the class, or NULL for user-defined classes.
@return     mixed   Returns an array with new method names in keys and original names (in the format "TraitName::original") in values.
@return bool - This function returns TRUE if the object object, belongs to a class which is a subclass of class_name, FALSE otherwise.
@return boolean 'true' on successful setting of the time zone, 'false' if an error occurred (such as the time zone wasn't recognized).
@return mixed - Return the numeric position of the first occurrence of needle in the haystack string, or FALSE if needle is not found.
@return mixed - Returns an instance of the required class with property names that correspond to the column names or FALSE on failure.
Also, if the first character in a range has a higher ASCII value than the second character in the range, no range will be constructed.
Binds a PHP variable to a corresponding named or question mark placeholder in the SQL statement that was use to prepare the statement.
For a list of parser tokens, see List of Parser Tokens, or use token_name() to translate a token value into its string representation.
If locale is NULL, the locale names will be set from the values of environment variables with the same names as the above ENV settings
If search and replace are arrays, then str_ireplace() takes a value from each array and uses them to do search and replace on subject.
If the pattern has the same skeleton as an existing pattern, and the override parameter is set, then the previous value is overridden.
In HHVM, you can call the constructor directly, but you have to have an instance of ReflectionParameter or ReflectionFunctionAbstract.
Initiate a connection to address using the socket resource socket, which must be a valid socket resource created with socket_create().
Invalid Argument  This can be caused by attempting to connect to a machine that is up but that the database isn't actually running on.
Makes a copy of up to maxlength bytes of data from the current position (or from the offset position, if specified) in source to dest.
Pass strings containing different character types to ctype_graph() to test which are considered valid printable character only strings
Pass strings containing different character types to ctype_lower() to test which are considered valid lowercase character only strings
Pass strings containing different character types to ctype_print() to test which are considered valid printable character only strings
Pass strings containing different character types to ctype_upper() to test which are considered valid uppercase character only strings
Prototype  : proto array gethostbynamel(string hostname) Description: Return a list of IP addresses that a given hostname resolves to.
Prototype  : void date_sub(DateTime object, DateInterval interval) Description: Subtracts an interval from the current date in object.
Prototype : string session_encode(void) Description : Encodes the current session data as a string Source code : ext/session/session.c
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Map` after a filtering operation has been applied to each key and value in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
Returns an `ImmVector` where each element is a `Pair` that combines each element of the current `Pair` and the provided `Traversable`.
Test copy() function: Checking case sensitivity in creation of destination file names  and the existence and size of destination files
Testing chunk_split() for basic functionality by passing all possible  arguments as well as with default arguments chunklen and ending
Testing fgetcsv() to read a file when provided with default enclosure character and length value less than the size of line being read
Testing fgetcsv() to read from a file when provided with negative length argument  along with neither delimiter nor enclosure argument
Therefore, "B::meth()" and "call_user_func('B::meth')" and "call_user_func(array('B', 'meth'))" should all produce consistent results.
Think twice before changing the default value of 1 second - you can lose all the advantages of caching if your connection is too slow.
This function is guaranteed to return a color index for a requested color, either the exact color or the closest possible alternative.
This function wraps the C library function strfmon(), with the difference that this implementation converts only one number at a time.
This makes "first thursday" equivalent to "+1 week thursday" - but only if the current day-of-week is the one mentioned in the phrase.
Thus, the best way to delete indexes created in the shell or with custom names is to directly call the deleteIndexes database command.
We never care about whatever junk actually called fb_debug_backtrace, or the second-level function which is always some cache wrapper.
When it is not set, the default directory that is used is the one that was compiled into libmcrypt (usually /usr/local/lib/libmcrypt).
array_intersect_key() returns an array containing all the entries of container1 which have keys that are present in all the arguments.
openssl_private_decrypt() decrypts data that was previous encrypted via openssl_public_encrypt() and stores the result into decrypted.
openssl_public_decrypt() decrypts data that was previous encrypted via openssl_private_encrypt() and stores the result into decrypted.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.rangeexception.php )  Exception thrown to indicate range errors during program execution.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phardata.addfromstring.php )  With this method, any string can be added to the tar/zip archive.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phardata.decompress.php )  For tar-based archives, this method decompresses the entire archive.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getextensionname.php )  Gets the name of the extension which defined the class.
@return     mixed   any PHP variable that can be serialized and is stored as meta-data for the file, or NULL if no meta-data is stored.
@return - an `AsyncMysqlClientStats` object to query about event and callback timing to the MySQL client for whatever caused the error.
@return mixed - Returns the number of XIncludes in the document, -1 if some processing failed, or FALSE if there were no substitutions.
According to the memcached protocol spec these additional arguments "are subject to change for the convenience of memcache developers".
If an object is inserted into the database without an _id field, an _id field will be added to it with a MongoId instance as its value.
If converting to a phar-based archive, the default extensions are .phar, .phar.gz, or .phar.bz2 depending on the specified compression.
If subject is an array, then the search and replace is performed with every entry of subject, and the return value is an array as well.
If the component parameter is specified, parse_url() returns a string (or an integer, in the case of PHP_URL_PORT) instead of an array.
If the user provided an encoding in metadata (like an HTTP or XML declaration), this can be used as an additional hint to the detector.
If there are fewer elements in the replacement array than in the pattern array, any extra patterns will be replaced by an empty string.
Implicit flushing will result in a flush operation after every output call, so that explicit calls to flush() will no longer be needed.
MSG_NOERROR If the message is longer than maxsize, setting this flag will truncate the message to maxsize and will not signal an error.
Named connection pools are initialized via the 'curl.namedPools' ini setting, which is a comma separated list of named pools to create.
Pass an array containing sub-arrays, ints, floats, strings, boolean, null  and escape characters to test how natcasesort() re-orders it
Pass strings containing different character types to ctype_alpha() to test which are considered valid alphabetic character only strings
Pass strings containing different character types to ctype_space() to test which are considered valid whitespace character only strings
Pass strings containing different character types to ctype_xdigit() to test which are considered valid hexadecimal 'digit' only strings
Passing non resource values to 'context' argument of dir() and see that the function outputs proper warning messages wherever expected.
Passing non string values to 'directory' argument of dir() and see that the function outputs proper warning messages wherever expected.
Prototype  : bool closelog(void) Description: Close connection to system logger  Source code: ext/standard/syslog.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto int xml_parser_free(resource parser) Description: Free an XML parser  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto string rawurlencode(string str) Description: URL-encodes string  Source code: ext/standard/url.c Alias to functions:
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Map` containing after a mapping operation has been applied to each value in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Vector` after a mapping operation has been applied to each key and value in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
Reverse lookups can be generated using in-addr.arpa notation, but gethostbyaddr() is more suitable for the majority of reverse lookups.
The runtime will attempt to get a backtrace, which will crash because m_fp is out of sync and points at something that isn't an ActRec.
This class is not for measuring time, creating a timestamp on a document or automatically adding or updating a timestamp on a document.
This returns a specific error message to help diagnose the problem and a numeric error code associated with the cause of the exception.
Trying to hack around MySQL Server version dependent features 2030 This command is not supported in the prepared statement protocol yet
With bind_textdomain_codeset(), you can set in which encoding will be messages from domain returned by gettext() and similar functions.
You can make make mysqlnd use malloc() by either using pconnect or mysql_init() - so we should test_bug49442_table_1 pconnect as well..
additional configuration items that may be set to provide proxy support for testes: timeout proxy_host proxy_port proxy_user proxy_pass
headers can be either an associative array keyed by header name, or an indexed array, where each element contains a single header line.
some random tests used for debugging fast method call and various  invoke paths php53 means this feature cannot be tested under php 5.2
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/directoryiterator.valid.php )  Check whether current DirectoryIterator position is a valid file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/outeriterator.getinneriterator.php )  Returns the inner iterator for the current iterator entry.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/pharfileinfo.getcompressedsize.php )  This returns the size of the file within the Phar archive.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getstaticpropertyvalue.php )  Gets the value of a static property on this class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.getmodifiers.php )  Returns a bitfield of the access modifiers for this method.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionmethod.invokeargs.php )  Invokes the reflected method and pass its arguments as array.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.getflags.php )  Gets the flags set for an instance of SplFileObject as an integer.
- `age_timeout_micros`: The maximum age, in microseconds, that a connection in the pool will be allowed to reach before being destroyed.
@return - an `ImmVector` containing the values after a user-specified condition is applied to the keys and values of the current `Pair`.
@return mixed - An array including the sub-string of matched part by last mb_ereg_search(), mb_ereg_search_pos(), mb_ereg_search_regs().
@return mixed - Returns a string of up to length - 1 bytes read from the file pointed to by handle, with all HTML and PHP code stripped.
Accessing a shape-like array with non static key in non lvalue position doesn't change the array type - usage that should report errors.
As of PHP 5.3.0, PHP contains its own implementation and will use that if the system lacks of support for one or more of the algorithms.
Call the wrapper around zend's EG(error_reporting) macro to test that EG(error_reporting) in both lval and rval context works plausibly.
Certain characters have special significance in HTML, and should be represented by HTML entities if they are to preserve their meanings.
Digits in numbers with a base higher than 10 will be represented with the letters a-z, with a meaning 10, b meaning 11 and z meaning 35.
If the value returned in errno is 0 and the function returned FALSE, it is an indication that the error occurred before the bind() call.
If you manually authenticated using this method and the connection drops, you'll have to call this method again once you're reconnected.
PREG_SPLIT_DELIM_CAPTURE   If this flag is set, parenthesized expression in the delimiter pattern will be captured and returned as well.
Pass strings containing different character types to ctype_punct() to test which are considered valid punctuation character only strings
Prototype  : int ob_get_length(void) Description: Return the length of the output buffer  Source code: main/output.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : string ezc_realpath(string path) Description: Return the resolved path Source code: ext/standard/file.c Alias to functions:
Returns a Set containing all the values of this Set excluding the first values that produces true when passed to the specified callback.
Returns an array of strings, each of which is a substring of string formed by splitting it on boundaries formed by the string delimiter.
Run the setup, the actual benchmark, and the tear down in three separate steps to allow the framework to yield between any of the steps.
Specifically, the relative formats supported by the parser used for strtotime() and DateTime will be used to construct the DateInterval.
The elements or a `Pair` cannot be mutated (i.e. you can assign to the elements of a `Pair`) though `Pair`s may contain mutable objects.
This can also be caused by the driver not being able to reconnect at all to the database (if, for example, the database is unreachable).
Turn on code coverage by Eval.RecordCodeCoverage or by using fb_enable_code_coverage and call this function periodically to get results.
Warning  This function will generate a warning if the year is outside of the range for Unix timestamps (i.e. before 1970 or after 2037).
You will need to have the same IV (think: starting point) both at encryption and decryption stages, otherwise your encryption will fail.
despite the indenting that suggests the true path has 2 statements, in the absence of braces, the true path is the first statement only.
html_entity_decode() is the opposite of htmlentities() in that it converts all HTML entities to their applicable characters from string.
see if included file can access including file's variables, and if including file can access the included file's functions and variables
server should have the form:    The connection string always starts with mongodb://, to indicate it is a connection string in this form.
test fwrite with file opened in mode : w,wb,wt,w+,w+b,w+t File containing data of type,  numeric, text, text_with_new_line, alphanumeric
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.natcasesort.php )  This method is a case insensitive version of ArrayObject::natsort.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.appenditerator.php )  An Iterator that iterates over several iterators one after the other.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursiveiterator.haschildren.php )  Returns if an iterator can be created for the current entry.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.ispassedbyreference.php )  Checks if the parameter is passed in by reference.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splsubject.detach.php )  Detaches an observer from the subject to no longer notify it of updates.
@return array an array containing any of Phar::GZ or Phar::BZ2, depending on the availability of the zlib extension or the bz2 extension.
@return mixed - Number of years, months, days, hours, minutes, seconds, or total days for DateInterval, or true/false for date inversion.
@return mixed - Returns a string formatted according format using the given timestamp or the current local time if no timestamp is given.
@return mixed - The key() function simply returns the key of the array element that's currently being pointed to by the internal pointer.
Can be used to split a string into smaller chunks which is useful for e.g. converting base64_encode() output to match RFC 2045 semantics.
Here, the traits conflicts are overridden by local definitions, and the two constructor definitions do not directly collide in that case.
If multiple arguments evaluate to 0, max() will return a numeric 0 if given, else the alphabetical highest string value will be returned.
If you wish to retrieve the information for the file my/file.php from the phar boo.phar, the entry should be phar://boo.phar/my/file.php.
MessageFormatter takes a set of objects, formats them, and then inserts the formatted strings into the pattern at the appropriate places.
Of course, the NumberFormatter class is unaware of exchange rates so, the number output is the same regardless of the specified currency.
POSIX_R_OK, POSIX_W_OK and POSIX_X_OK request checking whether the file exists and has read, write and execute permissions, respectively.
Phar write buffering is per-archive, buffering active for the foo.phar Phar archive does not affect changes to the bar.phar Phar archive.
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Vector` after a filtering operation has been applied to each key and value in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
The static variable is useful for queries such as database commands and MongoCollection::findOne(), both of which implicitly use cursors.
Those coming with BSD sockets background will recognize that those socket resource arrays are in fact the so-called file descriptor sets.
We _could_ be a tiny bit smarter and consider the following code correct by observing that the is_int and is_float guards are exhaustive.
When it is not set, the default directory that is used is the one that was compiled-in into libmcrypt (usually /usr/local/lib/libmcrypt).
array_reduce() applies iteratively the function function to the elements of the array input, so as to reduce the array to a single value.
callback functions are expected to return bool value for array_filter() here testing callback functions for return values other than bool
not entirely sure why, but this if statement is needed to trigger an error in a naive implementation of the trivial strict equality check
this test ensures that our variance checks don't raise a false positive on `this`, which is implemented as a special `as` type constraint
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.reflectionfunction.php )  The ReflectionFunction class reports information about a function.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.reflector.php )  Reflector is an interface implemented by all exportable Reflection classes.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.splfileobject.php )  The SplFileObject class offers an object oriented interface for a file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.innamespace.php )  Checks whether a function is defined in a namespace.
@return bool - Returns TRUE if every character in text is printable and actually creates visible output (no white space), FALSE otherwise.
Also, ZipArchive::FL_UNCHANGED may be ORed to it to request information about the original file in the archive, ignoring any changes made.
Date Formatter is a concrete class that enables locale-dependent formatting/parsing of dates using pattern strings and/or canned patterns.
If filename is a valid upload file, but cannot be moved for some reason, no action will occur, and move_uploaded_file() will return FALSE.
If output_buffering is enabled or an anonymous function was used with ob_start(), ob_list_handlers() will return "default output handler".
If replacement is just one element it is not necessary to put array() around it, unless the element is an array itself, an object or NULL.
If supplied, writing will stop after length (uncompressed) bytes have been written or the end of string is reached, whichever comes first.
If you change the name here, also make sure to change the name in Jenkins script that updates the test result -- they have to be the same.
In order to pass a custom session handler to session_set_save_handler() using its OOP invocation, the class must implement this interface.
It can also be the path to a PEM encoded CSR when specified as file://path/to/csr or an exported string generated by openssl_csr_export().
It parses URL encoded data, detects encoding, converts coding to internal encoding and set values to the result array or global variables.
On errors the return value is NULL   If matches are found, the new subject will be returned, otherwise subject will be returned unchanged.
Phar::startBuffering() can provide a significant performance boost when creating or modifying a Phar archive with a large number of files.
Prototype  : bool chmod(string filename, int mode) Description: Change file mode  Source code: ext/standard/filestat.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : string vprintf(string format, array args) Description: Output a formatted string  Source code: ext/standard/formatted_print.c
Prototype  : string vprintf(string format, array args) Description: Return a formatted string  Source code: ext/standard/formatted_print.c
Represents a result of operation that either has a successful result of an `Awaitable` or the exception object if that `Awaitable` failed.
Returns a Vector containing the values of this Vector excluding the first values that produces true when passed to the specified callback.
Since parameter type check is performed before detecting invocation of non-static method from a static context, the error message differs.
Specifies a substitution character when input character encoding is invalid or character code does not exist in output character encoding.
Test copy(): Trying to create a copy of non-existing source in an existing destination  and an existing source in non-existing destiantion
The Levenshtein distance is defined as the minimal number of characters you have to replace, insert or delete to transform str1 into str2.
The MessageFormatter class assembles messages from various fragments (such as text fragments, numbers, and dates) supplied by the program.
This function is meant to take the same amount of time (based on user_string length) regardless of the length or contents of known_string.
This is because the SPL implementation does not fetch when it's walking the iterator - it only fetches when it reaches the right position.
This will be called, for each namespace declaration, after the handler for the end tag of the element in which the namespace was declared.
To do so, call fb_rename_function('func_to_stub_out', 'somename') then fb_rename_function('new_func_to_replace_with', 'func_to_stub_out').
When stream_select() returns, the arrays read, write and except are modified to indicate which stream resource(s) actually changed status.
hphp_create_object_without_constructor() - Used by ReflectionClass to create a new instance of an object, without calling the constructor.
idx() is used to look for an index in an array, and return either the value at that index (if it exists) or some default (if it does not).
is_scalar() does not consider resource type values to be scalar as resources are abstract datatypes which are currently based on integers.
substr_replace() replaces a copy of string delimited by the start and (optionally) length parameters with the string given in replacement.
unset() destroys the variable only in the context of the rest of a function Following calls will restore the previous value of a variable.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/pharfileinfo.getcrc32.php )  This returns the crc32() checksum of the file within the Phar archive.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursivefilteriterator.construct.php )  Create a RecursiveFilterIterator from a RecursiveIterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.hasconstant.php )  Checks whether the class has a specific constant defined or not.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionextension.getclassnames.php )  Gets a listing of class names as defined in the extension.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.hasreturntype.php )  Checks if the function has a specified return type.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.returnsreference.php )  Checks whether the function returns a reference.
A splay tree is a self-balancing binary search tree with the additional property that recently accessed elements are quick to access again.
A typical network connection is made up of 2 sockets, one performing the role of the client, and another performing the role of the server.
Execute a request to the FastCGI application asyncronously  This sends request to application and returns the assigned ID for that request.
If a child as requested by pid has already exited by the time of the call (a so-called "zombie" process), the function returns immediately.
If the value returned in errno is 0 and the function returned FALSE, it is an indication that the error occurred before the connect() call.
If you give it an unsigned integer value too large to be stored that way it is converted to a float which often yields an undesired result.
In general, parameters are legal only in Data Manipulation Language (DML) statements, and not in Data Definition Language (DDL) statements.
Mailbox names that contain international characters besides those in the printable ASCII space have to be encoded width imap_utf7_encode().
Name could be the name of the single test file for a given framework, or the actual framework name if we are running in serial, for example
Prototype  : string date_default_timezone_get ( void ) Description:  Gets the default timezone used by all date/time functions in a script.
Prototype  : string vsprintf(string format, array args) Description: Output a formatted string  Source code: ext/standard/formatted_print.c
Prototype  : string vsprintf(string format, array args) Description: Return a formatted string  Source code: ext/standard/formatted_print.c
See also an external in-depth tutorial titled Writing an OAuth Provider Service, which takes a hands-on approach to providing this service.
Similar to fgets() except that fgetcsv() parses the line it reads for fields in CSV format and returns an array containing the fields read.
Suites of benchmarks consist of a name and the set of benchmarks in addition to the reference timing that the final score will be based on.
Testing fgetcsv() to read a file whose file pointer is pointing to end of file and fgetcsv() provided with file handle and length arguments
Testing fgetcsv() to read a file whose file pointer is pointing to end of file and fgetcsv() provided with only file handle in its argument
The data returned by this method will be decoded internally by PHP using the unserialization method specified in session.serialize_handler.
The resulting file can be processed with the gunzip command/bunzip command, or accessed directly and transparently with the Phar extension.
Then when you `await` or `join` on the returned `Awaitable`, you will get a `Vector` of `AsyncMysqlQueryResult`, one result for each query.
This current working directory might be different than you expect it to be, so please use an absolute path in case you specify a file name.
This function is useful in preventing user-supplied text from containing HTML markup, such as in a message board or guest book application.
This function returns a string or an array with all occurrences of search in subject (ignoring case) replaced with the given replace value.
This is used only with consistent distribution option and usually corresponds to the amount of memory available to memcache on that server.
This means you must pass it a real variable and not a function returning an array because only actual variables may be passed by reference.
This number may not reflect the actual line number in the file if SplFileObject::setMaxLineLen() is used to read fixed lengths of the file.
When a plain instance of SessionHandler is set as the save handler using session_set_save_handler() it will wrap the current save handlers.
Writes, commands, and any other operation that sends information to the database and waits for a response can throw a MongoCursorException.
array_intersect_ukey() returns an array containing all the values of array1 which have matching keys that are present in all the arguments.
flag value as default SORT_REGULAR - compare items normally SORT_NUMERIC - compare items numerically SORT_STRING - compare items as strings
flag value as defualt SORT_REGULAR - compare items normally SORT_NUMERIC - compare items numerically SORT_STRING - compare items as strings
libmysql gives a less descriptive error message but mysqlnd, we did not unify the error messages but ignore this slight difference silently
test passing in the same variable where 1 is by value, the other is a different type and by reference so should be updated to the new type.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.outeriterator.php )  Classes implementing OuterIterator can be used to iterate over iterators.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phardata.iswritable.php )  This method returns TRUE if the tar/zip archive on disk is not read-only.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getshortname.php )  Get the short name of the function (without the namespace part).
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.canbepassedbyvalue.php )  Returns whether this parameter can be passed by value.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfixedarray.construct.php )  Initializes a fixed array with a number of NULL values equal to size.
@return     mixed   Value of the requested variable on success, FALSE if the filter fails, or NULL if the variable_name variable is not set.
@return array - PDOStatement::errorInfo() returns an array of error information about the last operation performed by this statement handle.
Dump YAML from PHP array statically  The dump method, when supplied with an array, will do its best to convert the array into friendly YAML.
If empty string is passed, the parser attempts to identify which encoding the document is encoded in by looking at the heading 3 or 4 bytes.
If lengthis given and is negative, then subject will be examined from the starting position up to length characters from the end of subject.
If the length arquement is given,writing will stop after length bytes have been written or the end of string reached, whichever comes first.
If type is specified as "http_output", "http_input", "internal_encoding", "func_overload", the specified setting parameter will be returned.
Passing non array values to 'input' argument of array_unique() and see  that the function outputs proper warning messages wherever expected.
Prototype  : proto array posix_uname(void) Description: Get system name (POSIX.1, 4.4.1)  Source code: ext/posix/posix.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto bool ob_clean(void) Description: Clean (delete) the current output buffer  Source code: main/output.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto string urldecode(string str) Description: Decodes URL-encoded string  Source code: ext/standard/url.c Alias to functions:
Returns TRUE if val is infinite (positive or negative), like the result of log(0) or any value too big to fit into a float on this platform.
Some parts have been translated directly, whereas others have been modified more aggresively to make it feel more like a JavaScript program.
Test copy() function: In creation of destination file names containing white spaces and checking the existence and size of destination files
The socket_recvfrom() function receives len bytes of data in buf from name on port port (if the socket is not of type AF_UNIX) using socket.
This function can also be used to open streams to POP3 and NNTP servers, but some functions and features are only available on IMAP servers.
This function is used to verify if a link (pointed to by path) really exists (using the same method as the S_ISLNK macro defined in stat.h).
When this function results in the autoload stack being deactivated, any __autoload function that previously existed will not be reactivated.
While output buffering is active no output is sent from the script (other than headers), instead the output is stored in an internal buffer.
posix_mkfifo() creates a special FIFO file which exists in the file system and acts as a bidirectional communication endpoint for processes.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.runtimeexception.php )  Exception thrown if an error which can only be found on runtime occurs.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getfilename.php )  Gets the filename of the file in which the class has been defined.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.getchildren.php )  An SplFileObject does not have children so this method returns NULL.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.setcsvcontrol.php )  Sets the delimiter and enclosure character for parsing CSV fields.
@return mixed - This function returns FALSE if parser does not refer to a valid parser or if option isn't valid (generates also a E_WARNING).
@return object - Returns an object with string properties that corresponds to the fetched row or NULL if there are no more rows in resultset.
@return resrouce - Returns a Hashing Context resource for use with hash_update(), hash_update_stream(), hash_update_file(), and hash_final().
And if you do call it from user code, it will construct successfully, but you will fail on the first* method call to the instantiated object.
Before displaying a customized PHP page, one may call this function to clear previously written content, so to replay what will be displayed.
DateTime and DateTimeImmutable both throw exceptions when they fail but date_create and date_create_immutable should both simply return false
Given a string containing a directory, this function will return the total number of bytes on the corresponding filesystem or disk partition.
If cache_type is "filehits", information about which files have been served from the bytecode cache for the current request will be returned.
If the file is large, it will automatically be split into smaller chunks and each chunk will be saved as a document in the chunks collection.
If, for some reason, you need a cursor to hang around for a long time, you can prevent the database from cleaning it up by using this method.
It allows users to display dates in a localized format or to parse strings into PHP date values using pattern strings and/or canned patterns.
Number 1 means that you grant execute rights, number 2 means that you make the file writable, number 4 means that you make the file readable.
On win32, if passed SOMAXCONN, the underlying service provider responsible for the socket will set the backlog to a maximum reasonable value.
Once the crypto settings are established, cryptography can be turned on and off dynamically by passing TRUE or FALSE in the enable parameter.
PHP will evaluate a non-numeric string as 0 if compared to integer, but still return the string if it's seen as the numerically lowest value.
Prototype  : proto string xml_error_string(int code) Description: Get XML parser error string  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Returns a Map containing the key/value pairs of this Map excluding the first values that produces true when passed to the specified callback.
Returns the current configuration setting of magic_quotes_gpc  Keep in mind that attempting to set magic_quotes_gpc at runtime will not work.
Suppose now that we have a more general case, where we don't know which collection (or even which database) contains the referenced document.
Testing fgetcsv() to read from a file when provided with values of delimiter and enclosure that are not present in the line read by fgetcsv()
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when default enclosure value and delimiter of two chars is provided and file is opened in read only mode
The Jewish calendar has been in use for several thousand years, but in the early days there was no formula to determine the start of a month.
The assert_options() function and/or ASSERT_CALLBACK configuration directive allow a callback function to be set to handle failed assertions.
The contents of the section will be decoded according to their transfer encoding - base64, quoted-printable and uuencoded text are supported.
The legacy fb_utf8ize() implementation used to treat this three-byte sequence as two invalid code points followed by a valid ASCII character.
This test verifies our ability to typecheck the body of a lambda when it is used as an argument to a generically-typed higher-order function.
You'll find the classes documented using php code in the file spl.php or in corresponding .inc files in subdirectories examples and internal.
define a number of classes that should use the same amount of memory as X, so that X will be allocated at a different address on each request
flush() may not be able to override the buffering scheme of your web server and it has no effect on any client-side buffering in the browser.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.reflectionextension.php )  The ReflectionExtension class reports information about an extension.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.unexpectedvalueexception.php )  Exception thrown if a value does not match with a set of values.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.getsignature.php )  Returns the verification signature of a phar archive in a hexadecimal string.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.getparameters.php )  Get the parameters as an array of ReflectionParameter.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getpath.php )  Returns the path to the file, omitting the filename and any trailing slash.
@return mixed - array_udiff_assoc() returns an array containing all the values from array1 that are not present in any of the other arguments.
Difficult to define any meaningful constraints A possible better check would be calling mysqli_get_server_version() and comparing what we get.
However, if, for example, the query represented something that exceeded some network parameter, the result could come back in multiple blocks.
If ENT_QUOTES is set, both single and double quotes are translated and if ENT_NOQUOTES is set neither single nor double quotes are translated.
If the socket is not connection-oriented, name will be set to the internet protocol address of the remote host or the path to the UNIX socket.
If this is not used, TEST_WEB_BASE_URL should be the base url pointing to TEST_PHP_SRCDIR, which should then be accessible via an http server.
If you don't want the same base DN and the same filter for all the searches, you can also use an array of base DNs and/or an array of filters.
It allows users to display dates in a localized format or to parse strings  into PHP date values using pattern strings and/or canned patterns.
LDAP_SCOPE_ONELEVEL means that the search should only return information that is at the level immediately below the base_dn given in the call.
Now we use the trait, which happens to introduce another private variable but they are distinct, and not related to each other, so no warning.
PDO::MYSQL_ATTR_READ_DEFAULT_GROUP (integer) Read options from the named group from my.cnf or the file specified with MYSQL_READ_DEFAULT_FILE.
PHP will evaluate a non-numeric string as 0 if compared to integer, but still return the string if it's seen as the numerically highest value.
Prototype  : imagecolorallocate(resource im, int red, int green, int blue) Description: Allocate a color for an image Source code: ext/gd/gd.c
Prototype  : int pclose(resource fp) Description: Close a file pointer opened by popen()  Source code: ext/standard/file.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto array posix_times(void) Description: Get process times (POSIX.1, 4.5.2)  Source code: ext/posix/posix.c Alias to functions:
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
ResourceBundle supports direct access to the data through array access pattern and iteration via foreach, as well as access via class methods.
Returns a ImmSet containing all the values of this ImmSet excluding the first values that produces true when passed to the specified callback.
Since we read in the environment variable on request init and we are changing default values only, we have to start a new process to test this
The actual `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` in the returned `Awaitable` will only be available after you `await` or `join` the returned `Awaitable`.
The second parameter files can be either the name of a file or directory to extract, or an array of names of files and directories to extract.
Then if the input skeleton is "MMMdhmm", there is not an exact match, so the input skeleton is broken up into two components "MMMd" and "hmm".
This timestamp is a long integer containing the number of seconds between the Unix Epoch (January 1 1970 00:00:00 GMT) and the time specified.
You can also specify an alternative openssl configuration file by setting the value of the config key to the path of the file you want to use.
crypt() will return a hashed string using the standard Unix DES-based algorithm or alternative algorithms that may be available on the system.
cursor not found  Code: 2  The driver was trying to fetch more results from the database, but the database did not have a record of the query.
different from substr_count mb_strrchr behaves differently in different versions of libmbfl (https://github.com/facebook/hiphop-php/issues/68)
sscanf() reads from the string str and interprets it according to the specified format, which is described in the documentation for sprintf().
we get "Catchable fatal error: saying Object of class could not be converted to string" by default when an object is passed instead of string.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/spldoublylinkedlist.unserialize.php )  Unserializes the storage, from SplDoublyLinkedList::serialize().
@defgroup Examples Example classes  The classes and interfaces in this group are contained as PHP code in the examples subdirectory of ext/SPL.
@return     mixed   Result of the comparison, positive integer if value1 is lower than value2, 0 if they are equal, negative integer otherwise.
@return mixed - The current() function simply returns the value of the array element that's currently being pointed to by the internal pointer.
@return string - Returns the hashed string or a string that is shorter than 13 characters and is guaranteed to differ from the salt on failure.
Accessing a nested shape-like array with non static key in non lvalue position doesn't change the array type - usage that should report errors.
Allows you to implement your own protocol handlers and streams for use with all the other filesystem functions (such as fopen(), fread() etc.).
An input constraint is one that depends on external state, such as the mouse, the keybord, a clock, or some arbitraty piece of imperative code.
Binding the same var twice with different types you can get unexpected results (e.g. binary trash for the string and misc data for the integer.
If locale is an array or followed by additional parameters then each array element or parameter is tried to be set as new locale until success.
Normalization is a process that involves transforming characters and sequences of characters into a formally-defined underlying representation.
Only When you `await` or `join` the resulting `Awaitable`, will all of the values in the `Vector` within the returned `Awaitable` be available.
Only use this function when all processes have finished working with the message queue and you need to release the system resources held by it.
Please note the callback methods of this class are designed to be called internally by PHP and are not meant to be called from user-space code.
Prototype  : proto string rawurldecode(string str) Description: Decodes URL-encodes string  Source code: ext/standard/url.c Alias to functions:
Returns a string formatted according to the given format string using the given integer timestamp or the current time if no timestamp is given.
Supported charsets Charset Aliases Description ISO-8859-1 ISO8859-1 Western European, Latin-1 ISO-8859-15 ISO8859-15 Western European, Latin-9.
This allows complex arrays and objects to be sent to other PHP scripts, or if you are using the WDDX serializer, to any WDDX compatible client.
This function is similar to `vf()`, except the `Vector` in the returned `Awaitable` contains `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`s instead of raw values.
This function is similar to `vm()`, except the `Vector` in the returned `Awaitable` contains `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`s instead of raw values.
This is useful if a locale is known under different names on different systems or for providing a fallback for a possibly not available locale.
Without the catch trace, this test case would randomly crash (but with a fairly high probability) depending on the exact timing of the timeout.
finds http:// (at the beginning of a string) not followed by 3 characters that aren't w's then anything to the end of the sttring (matches one)
imagechar() draws the first character of c in the image identified by image with its upper-left at x,y (top left is 0, 0) with the color color.
we get "Catchable fatal error: saying Object of class could not be converted to string" by default, when an object is passed instead of string.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.domainexception.php )  Exception thrown if a value does not adhere to a defined valid data domain.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursiveiteratoriterator.construct.php )  Creates a RecursiveIteratorIterator from a RecursiveIterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.getnamespacename.php )  Get the namespace name where the function is defined.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.removeall.php )  Removes objects contained in another storage from the current storage.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.unserialize.php )  Unserializes storage entries and attach them to the current storage.
@return int - Returns the connection status bitfield, which can be used against the CONNECTION_XXX constants to determine the connection status.
Advantage mysqlnd - The metadata mysqlnd has availabe after prepare is better than the one made availabe by the MySQL Client Library (libmysql).
BUG FIX NEEDED: Due to some recent updates to Reflection, this default method for finding tests in frameworks is failing for certain frameworks.
Every value in the current Pair is affected by a call to `map()`, unlike `filter()` where only values that meet a certain criteria are affected.
Generates a storable representation of a value  This is useful for storing or passing PHP values around without losing their type and structure.
However, this can be unnecessary when simply creating a new Phar archive, when it would make more sense to write the entire archive out at once.
If we are using --latest or --latest-record, we checkout from a branch above, then get an updated commit hash to put in our frameworks.json file
If you only want to determine if a particular needle occurs within haystack, use the faster and less memory intensive function strpos() instead.
OR we have run the tests before, but we are having an issue getting to the actual tests (e.g., yii is one test suite that has behaved this way).
Only When you `await` or `join` the resulting `Awaitable`, will all of the key/values in the `Map` within the returned `Awaitable` be available.
Returns a ImmVector containing the values of this ImmVector excluding the first values that produces true when passed to the specified callback.
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when delimiter is same but enclosure is different from those present in the field to be written to the file
Testing fputcsv() to write to a file when enclosure is same but delimiter is different from those present in the field to be written to the file
The OAuth extension provides a simple interface to interact with data providers using the OAuth HTTP specification to protect private resources.
The `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`s in the `Map` of the returned `Awaitable` are not available until you `await` or `join` the returned `Awaitable`.
The first element in this array has count key and represents the number of returned values, next elements are numerically indexed DN components.
The key is encrypted with each of the public keys associated with the identifiers in pub_key_ids and each encrypted key is returned in env_keys.
This function is similar to `vfk()`, except the `Vector` in the returned `Awaitable` contains `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`s instead of raw values.
This function is similar to `vmk()`, except the `Vector` in the returned `Awaitable` contains `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`s instead of raw values.
This function returns the time when the data blocks of a file were being written to, that is, the time when the content of the file was changed.
Unlike many other mechanisms in PHP, variables stored using apc_add() will persist between requests (until the value is removed from the cache).
blank line close the file if the mode to be used is read mode  and re-open using read mode else rewind the file pointer to beginning of the file
imagecopymergegray() copy a part of src_im onto dst_im starting at the x,y coordinates src_x, src_y with a width of src_w and a height of src_h.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.phar.php )  The Phar class provides a high-level interface to accessing and creating phar archives.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.getmaxlinelen.php )  Gets the maximum line length as set by SplFileObject::setMaxLineLen().
@return     mixed   Result of the comparison, positive integer if value1 is greater than value2, 0 if they are equal, negative integer otherwise.
Currently the select of connection flags is limited to STREAM_CLIENT_CONNECT (default), STREAM_CLIENT_ASYNC_CONNECT and STREAM_CLIENT_PERSISTENT.
Dumps information about a variable  This function displays structured information about one or more expressions that includes its type and value.
Given a file name instead of a directory, the behaviour of the function is unspecified and may differ between operating systems and PHP versions.
Given a string containing a directory, this function will return the number of bytes available on the corresponding filesystem or disk partition.
In PHP 5.4.0 and later, FORCE_DEFLATE generates RFC 1950 compliant output, consisting of a zlib header, the deflated data, and an Adler checksum.
May have this if we reached the end of the file or if something wasn't printed out in optimized mode that may have been printed out in debug mode
Prototype  : array hash_algos (void) Description: Return a list of registered hashing algorithms Source code: ext/hash/hash.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto int xml_get_error_code(resource parser) Description: Get XML parser error code  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Rules for XHP names and guidelines for avoid ambiguities:  (1) An XHP name may not have a space between the initial ':' and the rest of the name.
Test copy() function: In creation of destination file names containing numerics/strings  and checking the existence and size of destination files
The following example incorrectly relies on the return value of PDO::exec(), wherein a statement that affected 0 rows results in a call to die():
The key specification can either be just a single field name as string, or an array containing one or more field names with their sort direction.
The value of this item may be either "B" or "Q", where "B" stands for base64 encoding scheme and "Q" stands for quoted-printable encoding scheme.
This function compresses the given string using the nzlib data format, which is primarily used for compressing and uncompressing memcache values.
This method implements a sort algorithm that orders alphanumeric strings in the way a human being would while maintaining key/value associations.
This test also needs to exclude the protected and private variables  since they cannot be accessed from the external object which iterates  them.
Transport endpoint is not connected  Generally means that the connection string isn't correct, the driver couldn't even find the database server.
You may need to call SplFileObject::rewind() to reset the file pointer to the beginning of the file if you have already written data to the file.
You would use this call for an application which "browses" directory entries and/or where you do not know the structure of the directory entries.
array_merge_recursive() merges the elements of one or more arrays together so that the values of one are appended to the end of the previous one.
finds dashes with an indefinite amount of whitespace around them and replaces them with a full stop precedeby no spaces and followed by one space
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.reflectionproperty.php )  The ReflectionProperty class reports information about classes properties.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/exception.getprevious.php )  Returns previous Exception (the third parameter of Exception::__construct()).
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.getcsvcontrol.php )  Gets the delimiter and enclosure character used for parsing CSV fields.
- `idle_timeout_micros`: The maximum amount of time, in microseconds, that a connection is allowed to sit idle in the pool becore being destroyed.
@return int - pcntl_waitpid() returns the process ID of the child which exited, -1 on error or zero if WNOHANG was used and no child was available
@return mixed - Returns the array value in the next place that's pointed to by the internal array pointer, or FALSE if there are no more elements.
@return mixed - socket_read() returns the data as a string on success, or FALSE on error (including if the remote host has closed the connection).
Caution count() may return 0 for a variable that isn't set, but it may also return 0 for a variable that has been initialized with an empty array.
Curly braces are special because they can potentially indicate interpolation, so we backtrack when we realize that they are just plain characters.
Each failed connection struct has its own timeout and before it has expired the struct will be skipped when selecting backends to serve a request.
Exception here -- if this is in a closure, then it will return false PHP fatals on closures and getting default values, we will just return false.
For example, if you set the limit to 2, and you try a third connection on the same pool, an `AsyncMysqlConnectException` exception will be thrown.
For example, suppose that the input pattern is "hhmmssSSSS", and the best matching pattern internally is "H:mm:ss", and the decimal string is ",".
If authentication is enabled for the database server (it's not, by default), you need to log in before the database will allow you to do anything.
If one wants to use the timezone of the object to be formatted, IntlDateFormatter::setTimeZone() must be called before with the object's timezone.
If the number of affected rows is greater than the maximum integer value( PHP_INT_MAX ), the number of affected rows will be returned as a string.
If you have opened the file in append ("a" or "a+") mode, any data you write to the file will always be appended, regardless of the file position.
In 'input' array argument, values are expected to be valid keys i.e. string/integer here testing for all different valid string and integer values
In many applications you will be searching for a specific attribute such as an email address or a surname, and won't care what other data is held.
In non-blocking mode an fgets() call will always return right away while in blocking mode it will wait for data to become available on the stream.
Like mktime(), arguments may be left out in order from right to left, with any omitted arguments being set to the current corresponding GMT value.
Limit characters that are acceptable in identifiers being checked to those normally used with the languages associated with the specified locales.
Ordinarily, every time a file within a Phar archive is created or modified in any way, the entire Phar archive will be recreated with the changes.
Output a formatted string  Display array values as a formatted string according to format (which is described in the documentation for sprintf()).
Prototype  : int imagecolorallocate(resource im, int red, int green, int blue) Description: Allocate a color for an image Source code: ext/gd/gd.c
Prototype  : int preg_last_error  ( void  ) Description:  Returns the error code of the last PCRE regex execution Source code: ext/pcre/php_pcre.c
Returns a Set containing the values of this Set up to but not including the first value that produces false when passed to the specified callback.
Test copy() function: In creation of destination file names containing special characters and checking the existence and size of destination files
The string returned will be either `'TimedOut'`, representing a timeout, or `'Failed'`, representing the server rejecting the connection or query.
The system() call also tries to automatically flush the web server's output buffer after each line of output if PHP is running as a server module.
This covers a bunch of different error conditions that may eventually be moved to more specific exceptions, but will always extend MongoException.
This function compresses the given string using the lz4lib data format, which is primarily used for compressing and uncompressing memcache values.
Thus, encountering a marked node downstream of the output constraint means that there is a path from the constraint's output to one of its inputs.
Unlike many other mechanisms in PHP, variables stored using apc_store() will persist between requests (until the value is removed from the cache).
`Typing.expr` is called twice when typechecking an if condition, and this test verifies that we are not double-counting the number of expressions.
function to remove directory handle before re-using variable name in test and to ensure directory is not in use at CLEAN section so can me removed
imagesavealpha() sets the flag to attempt to save full alpha channel information (as opposed to single-color transparency) when saving PNG images.
mb_strpos bounds check is byte count rather than a character count: The multibyte string should be returning the same results as the ASCII string.
nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
ob_get_status() returns status information on either the top level output buffer or all active output buffer levels if full_status is set to TRUE.
start_element_handler and end_element_handler are strings containing the names of functions that must exist when xml_parse() is called for parser.
very likely a bug, but someone could have done something on the server between the second last insert and the lock, therefore don't stop just bail
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/directoryiterator.isdot.php )  Determines if the current DirectoryIterator item is a directory and either .
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursivefilteriterator.haschildren.php )  Check whether the inner iterator's current element has children.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.addall.php )  Adds all objects-data pairs from a different storage in the current storage.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.attach.php )  Adds an object inside the storage, and optionally associate it to some data.
@note Internal classes that implement this interface can be used in a foreach construct and do not need to implement IteratorAggregate or Iterator.
@return array - Returns an array of associative arrays with the following keys for each recipient: display The recipient name, for display purpose.
@return object - Returns an object which contains field definition information or FALSE if no field information for specified fieldnr is available.
Array keys: "sec" - seconds since the Unix Epoch "usec" - microseconds "minuteswest" - minutes west of Greenwich "dsttime" - type of dst correction
B B   input-charset string  Specifies the character set in which the first parameter field_name and the second parameter field_value are presented.
Because priority levels can differ between system types and kernel versions, please see your system's getpriority(2) man page for specific details.
Because priority levels can differ between system types and kernel versions, please see your system's setpriority(2) man page for specific details.
If any of these functions is called from within a phar archive with a relative path, the call is modified to access a file within the phar archive.
If the database server cannot successfully prepare the statement, PDO::prepare() returns FALSE or emits PDOException (depending on error handling).
If the majority of the lines in the file are all larger than 8KB, it is more resource efficient for your script to specify the maximum line length.
If you need to execute a command and have all the data from the command passed directly back without any interference, use the passthru() function.
It subtracts string from str that is shorter than length AND character that is not part of multi-byte string or not being middle of shift sequence.
Memcache::flush() doesn't actually free any resources, it only marks all the items as expired, so occupied memory will be overwritten by new items.
Note that this implementation does not use a stack as in Oliver's pseudo code, but recursive calls which may or may not speed up the whole process.
Note: For a multiple-row insert, LAST_INSERT_ID() and mysql_insert_id() actually return the AUTO_INCREMENT key from the first of the inserted rows.
Prototype  : int ArrayObject::natsort() Description: proto int ArrayIterator::natsort() Sort the entries by values using "natural order" algorithm.
Prototype  : int imagecolorallocate(resource im, int red, int green, int blue) Description:  Allocate a color for an image Source code: ext/gd/gd.c
Prototype  : proto int posix_getuid(void) Description: Get the current user id (POSIX.1, 4.2.1)  Source code: ext/posix/posix.c Alias to functions:
Returns a ImmMap containing the key/value pairs of this ImmMap excluding the first values that produces true when passed to the specified callback.
Some cases, the server can deny the session that was set and the handshake will create a new one, in those cases this function will return `false`.
Tests the 8 function matrix of: vf(), vfk(), vm(), vmk(), mf(), mfk(), mm(), mmk(),  Using static wait handles which yield results in various types
The `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`s in the `Vector` of the returned `Awaitable` are not available until you `await` or `join` the returned `Awaitable`.
The first is a header that starts with the string "HTTP/" (case is not significant), which will be used to figure out the HTTP status code to send.
The types of confusability to be tested - single script, mixed script, or whole script - are determined by the check options set for this instance.
This call needs a result_entry_identifier, so needs to be preceded by one of the ldap search calls and one of the calls to get an individual entry.
This function implements a sort algorithm that orders alphanumeric strings in the way a human being would while maintaining key/value associations.
When implementing an interface which extends Traversable, make sure to list IteratorAggregate or Iterator before its name in the implements clause.
You may notice that many methods affecting the instace of `Pair` return an `ImmVector` -- `Pair`s are essentially backed by 2-element `ImmVector`s.
errcontext   The fifth parameter is optional, errcontext, which is an array that points to the active symbol table at the point the error occurred.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.apiversion.php )  Return the API version of the phar file format that will be used when creating phars.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/pharfileinfo.iscrcchecked.php )  This returns whether a file within a Phar archive has had its CRC verified.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursivedirectoryiterator.construct.php )  Constructs a RecursiveDirectoryIterator() for the provided path.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursiveregexiterator.haschildren.php )  Returns whether an iterator can be obtained for the current entry.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.isdefaultvalueavailable.php )  Checks if a default value for the parameter is available.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.haschildren.php )  An SplFileObject does not have children so this method always return FALSE.
A second call to sem_get() for the same key will return a different semaphore identifier, but both identifiers access the same underlying semaphore.
After each() has executed, the array cursor will be left on the next element of the array, or past the last element if it hits the end of the array.
An UID is a unique identifier that will not change over time while a message sequence number may change whenever the content of the mailbox changes.
By setting the Content-type to image/gif and then calling a pbmplus program to output a gif, you can create PHP scripts that output images directly.
Commits a transaction, returning the database connection to autocommit mode until the next call to PDO::beginTransaction() starts a new transaction.
If the source and destination coordinates and width and heights differ, appropriate stretching or shrinking of the image fragment will be performed.
If you don't need fancy replacing rules (like regular expressions), you should always use this function instead of ereg_replace() or preg_replace().
Passing non array values to 'arr1' argument of array_merge_recursive() and see  that the function outputs proper warning messages wherever expected.
Passing non array values to 'arr2' argument of array_merge_recursive() and see  that the function outputs proper warning messages wherever expected.
Prototype  : proto int ob_get_level(void) Description: Return the nesting level of the output buffer  Source code: main/output.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto int posix_getgid(void) Description: Get the current group id (POSIX.1, 4.2.1)  Source code: ext/posix/posix.c Alias to functions:
Returns a subset of the current `Pair` starting from a given key up to, but not including, the element at the provided length from the starting key.
Sets the interpolation method, setting an interpolation method effects the rendering of various functions in GD, such as the imagerotate() function.
The exact layout of the payload data carried by a packet is not importaint, and neither is the nature of the work performed on packets by the tasks.
When using this method (as opposed to Memcache::connect() and Memcache::pconnect()) the network connection is not established until actually needed.
array_unique() sorts the values treated as string at first, then will keep the first key encountered for every value, and ignore all following keys.
caching cannot be well applied to an object's dynamic properties, since they can be added and removed at any time between calls to property methods.
parent could be non-namespaced or be namespaced So get through all T_NS_SEPARATOR and T_STRING Last T_STRING before T_WHITESPACE will be parent name
serialize defaults to TRUE which means that the message is serialized using the same mechanism as the session module before being sent to the queue.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.invalidargumentexception.php )  Exception thrown if an argument does not match with the expected value.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.iterator.php )  Interface for external iterators or objects that can be iterated themselves internally.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phardata.copy.php )  Copy a file internal to the tar/zip archive to another new file within the same archive.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/pharfileinfo.getmetadata.php )  Return meta-data that was saved in the Phar archive's manifest for this file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunction.isdisabled.php )  Checks if the function is disabled, via the disable_functions directive.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/regexiterator.getflags.php )  Returns the flags, see RegexIterator::setFlags() for a list of available flags.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/sessionhandlerinterface.read.php )  Reads the session data from the session storage, and returns the results.
@return string     - If connection_id is specified, the last state of that connection is returned, else the last state of any connection is returned.
Delete file having default permission but its dir having readonly permission Delete file having readonly permission but dir having default permission
If PHP is compiled against GD library 2.0 or higher and the image is a truecolor image, this function returns the RGB value of that pixel as integer.
If any packet is somehow lost during communication, TCP will automatically retransmit the packet until the destination host acknowledges that packet.
If multiple arguments evaluate to 0, min() will return the lowest alphanumerical string value if any strings are given, else a numeric 0 is returned.
If no parameters are passed, this connects to "localhost:27017" (or whatever was specified in php.ini for mongo.default_host and mongo.default_port).
If the PDOStatement object was returned from PDO::prepare(), an accurate column count will not be available until you invoke PDOStatement::execute().
In addition, this method automatically renames the archive, appending .gz, .bz2 or removing the extension if passed Phar::NONE to remove compression.
It is important to note that just because the mail was accepted for delivery, it does NOT mean the mail will actually reach the intended destination.
Note: No error conditions relating to passing arguments can be tested because these are not functions but statements, it will result in syntax error.
Other internal session save handlers are provided by PHP extensions such as SQLite (as sqlite), Memcache (as memcache), and Memcached (as memcached).
Prototype  : proto string ob_get_contents(void) Description: Return the contents of the output buffer  Source code: main/output.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto string utf8_encode(string data) Description: Encodes an ISO-8859-1 string to UTF-8  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Removes the elements designated by offset and length from the input array, and replaces them with the elements of the replacement array, if supplied.
Returns a number formatted according to the given format string using the given integer timestamp or the current local time if no timestamp is given.
This function is similar to `mf()`, except the `Map` in the returned `Awaitable` contains values of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` instead of raw values.
This function is similar to `mm()`, except the `Map` in the returned `Awaitable` contains values of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` instead of raw values.
Unlike PDOStatement::bindValue(), the variable is bound as a reference and will only be evaluated at the time that PDOStatement::execute() is called.
While MapReduce is powerful, it is often more difficult than necessary for many simple aggregation tasks, such as totaling or averaging field values.
socket_create_listen() creates a new socket resource of type AF_INET listening on all local interfaces on the given port waiting for new connections.
socket_strerror() takes as its errno parameter a socket error code as returned by socket_last_error() and returns the corresponding explanatory text.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.stopbuffering.php )  Phar::stopBuffering() is used in conjunction with the Phar::startBuffering() method.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.islink.php )  Use this method to check if the file referenced by the SplFileInfo object is a link.
@return int - Returns an integer value corresponding to the number of database rows changed (or inserted or deleted) by the most recent SQL statement.
@return mixed - Returns the array value in the previous place that's pointed to by the internal array pointer, or FALSE if there are no more elements.
@return mixed - The array elements returned are: The group information array Element Description name The name element contains the name of the group.
Create nested Tunresolved that can occur as a result of anonymous function call, and check that subsequent unification of those types works correctly.
If offset and length are such that nothing is removed, then the elements from the replacement array are inserted in the place specified by the offset.
If offset is equal to or greater than the length of main_str or length is set and is less than 1, substr_compare() prints a warning and returns FALSE.
Instead of using this function to set the default timezone in your script, you can also use the INI setting date.timezone to set the default timezone.
It is similar to imap_status(), but will additionally sum up the size of all messages in the mailbox, which will take some additional time to execute.
Meta-data can significantly slow down the performance of loading a phar archive if the data is large, or if there are many files containing meta-data.
Protected and public are handle more strict with a warning then what is expected from normal inheritance since they can have easier coliding semantics
Prototype  : proto int posix_getpid(void) Description: Get the current process id (POSIX.1, 4.1.1)  Source code: ext/posix/posix.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto int posix_getppid(void) Description: Get the parent process id (POSIX.1, 4.1.1)  Source code: ext/posix/posix.c Alias to functions:
Runs all registered benchmark suites and optionally yields between each individual benchmark to avoid running for too long in the context of browsers.
Step out from this line will cause us to handle an iternext, with a fall-thru destination of the first opcode of the line after the foreach in main().
The `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` values in the `Map` of the returned `Awaitable` are not available until you `await` or `join` the returned `Awaitable`.
The file may not exist or the file may not have anything in it since there is no diff (i.e., all tests for that particular framework ran as expected).
The returned result resource should be passed to mysql_fetch_array(), and other functions for dealing with result tables, to access the returned data.
The timezone of the formatter will only be kept if an IntlCalendar object is not passed, otherwise the new timezone will be that of the passed object.
The zlib extension must be enabled to compress with gzip compression, the bzip2 extension must be enabled in order to compress with bzip2 compression.
This function is similar to `mfk()`, except the `Map` in the returned `Awaitable` contains values of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` instead of raw values.
This function is similar to `mmk()`, except the `Map` in the returned `Awaitable` contains values of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` instead of raw values.
This function is similar to file(), except that file_get_contents() returns the file in a string, starting at the specified offset up to maxlen bytes.
This is the callback signature: stringhandler arraymatches    You'll often need the callback function for a preg_replace_callback() in just one place.
This list is traversed by constraint strength, strongest first, as a heuristic for avoiding unnecessarily adding and then overriding weak constraints.
This walks the overall tree for one step, and updates the corresponding iterator states as needed (current iterator, parent iterator, child iterator).
To return an INOUT parameter from a stored procedure, use the bitwise OR operator to set the PDO::PARAM_INPUT_OUTPUT bits for the data_type parameter.
We need to hide some of these things in functions or hphpc has the same bug for exceptional control flow that this test is intended to catch in hhbbc.
When the data is unserialized the class is known and the appropriate unserialize() method is called as a constructor instead of calling __construct().
When the stream times out, the 'timed_out' key of the array returned by stream_get_meta_data() is set to TRUE, although no error/warning is generated.
Will succeed: Function was declared in strict mode, but that does not matter This file uses weak mode, so the call is weak, and float accepted for int
Will succeed: Function was declared in weak mode, but that does not matter This file uses strict mode, so the call is strict, and float denied for int
You get generally `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` by calling `wrap()`, passing in the `Awaitable`, and a `WrappedResult` or `WrappedException` is returned.
minimum-ttl: Minimum length of time (seconds) a client can continue to use a DNS resolution before it should request a new resolution from the server.
testing krsort() by providing array of integer/string objects with following flag values: 1.Defualt flag value 2.SORT_REGULAR - compare items normally
unset() variation2: Pass by reference If a variable that is PASSED BY REFERENCE is unset() inside of a function, only the local variable is destroyed.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.natcasesort.php )  Sort the entries by values using a case insensitive "natural order" algorithm.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.recursivetreeiterator.php )  Allows iterating over a RecursiveIterator to generate an ASCII graphic tree.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.getshortname.php )  Get the short name of the function (without the namespace part).
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/regexiterator.construct.php )  Create a new RegexIterator which filters an Iterator using a regular expression.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.setinfo.php )  Associates data, or info, with the object currently pointed to by the iterator.
*********************************************************** echoMeUnknown echoMeUnknown with endpoint as header destination, doesn't have to understand
@return     mixed   Result of the comparison, positive integer if priority1 is greater than priority2, 0 if they are equal, negative integer otherwise.
If the given socket is of type AF_UNIX, socket_getpeername() will return the Unix filesystem path (e.g. /var/run/daemon.sock) in the address parameter.
If the given socket is of type AF_UNIX, socket_getsockname() will return the Unix filesystem path (e.g. /var/run/daemon.sock) in the address parameter.
PDO::query() executes an SQL statement in a single function call, returning the result set (if any) returned by the statement as a PDOStatement object.
Several servers, especially on Win32, will still buffer the output from your script until it terminates before transmitting the results to the browser.
TODO Areas for future improvement: - Key the cache by endpoint/hhconfig location, so that we correctly support more than one project per HHVM instance.
TODO Once we have PS open working beef up this test to create a process and kill it for now start at a low pid and find first pid which does not exist.
The class 'IM' is specific to warnings and errors that derive from the implementation of PDO (or perhaps ODBC, if you're using the ODBC driver) itself.
The image format will be GIF87a unless the image has been made transparent with imagecolortransparent(), in which case the image format will be GIF89a.
These are:  No candidate servers found  Thrown when the driver cannot establish a connection to MongoDB (fulfilling the ReadPreferences, if specified).
These enum values correspond to the 'kind' field in the TypeStructure shape returned by type_structure() or ReflectionTypeConstant::getTypeStructure().
This gives no chance to hardcode the timezone name, for instance for UTC+1 it could choose from the multiple names like Europe/Berlin or Europe/Paris .
This way not only versions with different levels like '4.1' and '4.1.2' can be compared but also any PHP specific version containing development state.
Using these keys, the MessageFormatter class can concatenate the parts of the message, localize them, and display a well-formed string to the end user.
We pretend that the only thing single-argument array_filter does is remove nullability from it's value type (so vector-like arrays remain vector like).
We would duplicate the SQL test cases if we have it here and in one of the fetch tests, because the fetch tests would have to call prepare/execute etc.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.uksort.php )  This function sorts the keys of the entries using a user-supplied comparison function.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.recursivefilteriterator.php )  This abstract iterator filters out unwanted values for a RecursiveIterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.converttodata.php )  This method is used to convert an executable phar archive to either a tar or zip file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getattributerecursive.php )  Returns all attributes with given key from a class and its parents.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getextension.php )  Gets a ReflectionExtension object for the extension which defined the class.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.isfile.php )  Checks if the file referenced by this SplFileInfo object exists and is a regular file.
- interface SplObserver - interface SplSubject - class SplObjectStorage  8) Datastructures  SPL proposes a set of datastructures implemented internally.
@return - A `Vector` of `Vector` objects, where the outer `Vector` represents the rows and each inner `Vector` represent the column values for each row.
Add the specified packet to the end of the worklist used by the task associated with the packet and make the task runnable if it is currently suspended.
Currently our behavior during return when a local dtor throws a fatal is to swallow it, then keep rethrowing it from the enter hook for each destructor.
Finally, you should NOT fix errors about array indexes in parts of the code you don't understand by just replacing an array access with a call to idx().
For currencies you can use currency format type to create a formatter that returns a string with the formatted number and the appropriate currency sign.
Generates cryptographically secure pseudo-random bytes that are suitable for use in cryptography when generating salts, keys and initialization vectors.
In other  words the return value of bar_global() is a temporary variable only valid after the function call bar_global() is done in current local scope.
Internal (built-in) classes that implement this interface can be used in a foreach construct and do not need to implement IteratorAggregate or Iterator.
It may one or a combination of the following constants: IMAP_GC_ELT (message cache elements), IMAP_GC_ENV (enveloppe and bodies), IMAP_GC_TEXTS (texts).
Locales are identified using RFC 4646 language tags (which use hyphen, not underscore) in addition to the more traditional underscore-using identifiers.
Prototype  : proto array posix_getpwuid(long uid) Description: User database access (POSIX.1, 9.2.2)  Source code: ext/posix/posix.c Alias to functions:
Returns a ImmSet containing the values of this ImmSet up to but not including the first value that produces false when passed to the specified callback.
Returns a Vector containing the values of this Vector up to but not including the first value that produces false when passed to the specified callback.
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Vector` of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` after a mapping operation has been applied to each value in the provided `Traversable`.
Testing fgetcsv() by reading from a file when different enclosure that is not  present in the data being read and delimiter which is present in the data
The "distance" between the desired color and each color in the palette is calculated as if the RGB values represented points in three-dimensional space.
The date of Easter Day was defined by the Council of Nicaea in AD325 as the Sunday after the first full moon which falls on or after the Spring Equinox.
The file descriptor numbers are not limited to 0, 1 and 2 - you may specify any valid file descriptor number and it will be passed to the child process.
The information that is collected consists of an two dimensional array with as primary index the executed filename and as secondary key the line number.
There is no constructor in this trait-- It should be possible to extend Exception and add a PHP4 constructor, traits play poorly with PHP4 constructors.
There was a bug where capacity was being decreased to the old capacity (3), which is not large enough to accommodate the current number of elements (4).
This example is taken from the PHP reference docs for the preg_replace_callback_array() function, with modification to use an array as the subject, etc.
This is the same as the skeleton, except that differences in length are minimized so as to only preserve the difference between string and numeric form.
This means that when a character can't be represented in the target charset, it can be approximated through one or several similarly looking characters.
This method is available in case the MongoDB wire protocol has acquired a new flag, and the driver has not been updated with a method for this new flag.
This script is used by hhvm debugger to initiate a php-only dummy connection to itself so that it can perform global php evaluation from console window.
This will determine the calendar type used (gregorian, islamic, persian, etc.) and, if NULL is given for the timezone parameter, also the timezone used.
To access the other column(s) of the same name, you either need to access the result with numeric indices by using mysql_fetch_row() or add alias names.
To set a timeout for reading/writing data over the socket, use the stream_set_timeout(), as the timeout only applies while making connecting the socket.
Unless you are writing something that interacts with the sharding internals, stop, go directly to MongoDate, do not pass go, do not collect 200 dollars.
mb_ereg 'successfully' matching incorrectly:  Bug now seems to be fixed - error message is now generated when an 'empty' pattern is supplied to mb_ereg.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.directory.php )  Instances of Directory are created by calling the dir() function, not by the new operator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.pharexception.php )  The PharException class provides a phar-specific exception class for try/catch blocks.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.isinternal.php )  Checks whether the function is internal, as opposed to user-defined.
@return mixed - Returns the value of the first column of results or an array of the entire first row (if entire_row is TRUE), otherwise FALSE on failure.
A cursor being "dead" does not mean that MongoCursor::hasNext() will return FALSE, it only means that the database is done sending results to the client.
An example of the difference between this algorithm and the regular computer string sorting algorithms (used in sort()) can be seen in the example below.
Because PHP's integer type is signed and many platforms use 32bit integers, filesize() may return unexpected results for files which are larger than 2GB.
Call PDOStatement::closeCursor() to release the database resources associated with the PDOStatement object before issuing your next call to PDO::query().
For instance, adding a sort causes the query to become a subfield of a bigger query object, like: This method is for adding a top-level field to a query.
If the argument number is of type float, the return type is also float, otherwise it is integer (as float usually has a bigger value range than integer).
In array order, each callback is called for the pattern in question, and the return value is then used as the subject for the next pattern/callback pair.
Normally, you will not instantiate a `WrappedException` directly, but rather have one returned back to you on a call to `wrap()` if the operation failed.
Normally, you will not instantiate a `WrappedResult` directly, but rather have one returned back to you on a call to `wrap()` if the operation succeeded.
Only keys and values that meet a certain criteria are affected by a call to `filterWithKey()`, while all values are affected by a call to `mapWithKey()`.
Prototype  : bool syslog(int priority, string message) Description: Generate a system log message  Source code: ext/standard/syslog.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto array posix_getgrgid(long gid) Description: Group database access (POSIX.1, 9.2.1)  Source code: ext/posix/posix.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto bool feof(resource fp) Description: Test for end-of-file on a file pointer  Source code: ext/standard/file.c Alias to functions: gzeof
Prototype  : proto int posix_getpgrp(void) Description: Get current process group id (POSIX.1, 4.3.1)  Source code: ext/posix/posix.c Alias to functions:
Server modules for Apache like mod_gzip may do buffering of their own that will cause flush() to not result in data being sent immediately to the client.
The default mode, ENT_COMPAT, is the backwards compatible mode which only translates the double-quote character and leaves the single-quote untranslated.
The possible returned elements are as follows:    Possible returned elements from debug_backtrace()           function string  The current function name.
This method is identical to running:    Once a connection has been authenticated, it can only be un-authenticated by using the "logout" database command:
This parameter may also specify other transports like unix:///path/to/memcached.sock to use UNIX domain sockets, in this case port must also be set to 0.
To access the other column(s) of the same name, you either need to access the result with numeric indices by using mysqli_fetch_row() or add alias names.
When OpenLDAP 2.x.x is used, ldap_connect() will always return a resource as it does not actually connect but just initializes the connecting parameters.
hypot() returns the length of the hypotenuse of a right-angle triangle with sides of length x and y, or the distance of the point (x, y) from the origin.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.limititerator.php )  The LimitIterator class allows iteration over a limited subset of items in an Iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/limititerator.rewind.php )  Rewinds the iterator to the starting offset specified in LimitIterator::__construct().
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getdefaultproperties.php )  Gets default properties from a class (including inherited properties).
("auto" is expanded to "ASCII, JIS, UTF-8, EUC-JP, SJIS") If encoding_list is omitted, it returns the current character encoding detection order as array.
(For reference, this was written when three registers are reserved for VM state.)  It will expose bugs more noticeably when register poisoning is enabled.
******************** Protected functions  This function should only be called once for framework (assuming you don't delete the framework from your repo).
@return     mixed   An associative array of ReflectionFunction objects, for each function defined in the extension with the keys being the function names.
@return int - Returns the length of the matched string if a match for pattern was found in string, or FALSE if no matches were found or an error occurred.
@return mixed - Array of cached data (and meta-data) or FALSE on failure apc_cache_info() will raise a warning if it is unable to retrieve APC cache data.
As opposed to MongoCollection::find(), this method will return only the first result from the result set, and not a MongoCursor that can be iterated over.
Check for a peculiar translator interaction with IssetM, where a dirty, variant local in the same BB as IssetM could cause the local to morph into a cell.
Currently, no generic attributes exist but only driver specific: PDO::ATTR_CURSOR_NAME (Firebird and ODBC specific): Get the name of cursor for UPDATE ...
For backward transitions, must create objects with zone type 2 where specifying Daylight or Standard time is required then converting them to zone type 3.
Localized software products often require sets of data that are to be customized depending on current locale, e.g.: messages, labels, formatting patterns.
Not only does this class provide timing information about retrieving the successful result, it provides the actual result information (e.g., result rows).
Note that if the length argument is given, then the magic_quotes_runtime configuration option will be ignored and no slashes will be stripped from string.
Passing different scalar/non-scalar values in place of 'source' argument It returns either T_INLINE_HTML by converting values into string or gives warning
Prototype  : mixed array_product(array input) Description: Returns the product of the array entries  Source code: ext/standard/array.c Alias to functions:
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Map` of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` after a mapping operation has been applied to each value in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
Setting this parameter to FALSE and retry_interval to -1 allows a failed server to be kept in the pool so as not to affect the key distribution algorithm.
The first call to ldap_next_entry() is made after the call to ldap_first_entry() with the result_entry_identifier as returned from the ldap_first_entry().
Zero indicates that no records were updated for an UPDATE statement, no rows matched the WHERE clause in the query or that no query has yet been executed.
get_html_translation_table() will return the translation table that is used internally for htmlspecialchars() and htmlentities() with the default charset.
it's a post-increment operation as to the codepoint, i.e., it gives the codepoint starting at the initial position and only then moves the pointer forward
openssl_csr_export() takes the Certificate Signing Request represented by csr and stores it as ascii-armoured text into out, which is passed by reference.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/countable.count.php )  This method is executed when using the count() function on an object implementing Countable.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/filteriterator.accept.php )  Returns whether the current element of the iterator is acceptable through this filter.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getbasename.php )  This method returns the base name of the file, directory, or link without path info.
@return mixed - This function returns an array of all of the IMAP error messages generated since the last imap_errors() call, or the beginning of the page.
An `AsyncMysqlErrorResult` can occur due to `'TimedOut'`, representing a timeout, or `'Failed'`, representing the server rejecting the connection or query.
Decides if this constraint can be satisfied and which way it should flow based on the relative strength of the variables related, and record that decision.
If two parameters are given, number will be formatted with decimals decimals with a dot (".") in front, and a comma (",") between every group of thousands.
It hinges on invoking the user error handler (i.e. reentering the VM) from one of the jit's array helpers, which are directly called into from jitted code.
Now just a meaningful subset of the above, since lots of them are not number in any context on any version, and we've proven that in a couple ways already.
Prototype  : bool lchown (string filename, mixed user) Description: Change file owner of a symlink Source code: ext/standard/filestat.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto bool file_exists(string filename) Description: Returns true if filename exists  Source code: ext/standard/filestat.c Alias to functions:
Returns a Map containing the key/value pairs of this Map up to but not including the first value that produces false when passed to the specified callback.
Test behaviour of array_rand() function when associative array and  various invalid values are passed to the 'input' and 'req_num'  parameters respectively
The MongoSomething object has not been correctly initialized by its constructor  Code: 0  Probably your Mongo object is not connected to a database server.
The function may be any PHP callable, either a string function name, an array of object instance and method, or array of classname and static class method.
The rows are returned as a `Vector` of `Vector` objects which hold the (possibly `null`) `string` values of each column in the order of the original query.
This function implements a comparison algorithm that orders alphanumeric strings in the way a human being would, this is described as a "natural ordering".
This is generally user-set (with MongoCollection::ensureIndex()'s "name" option) or generated by the driver from a combination of key names and directions.
This is more of a test for testing the behavior of serialization/unserialization when a class with native data implements __sleep() and __wakeup() methods.
filename Path to the temporary file name created origfilename The original filename, for uuencoded parts only The first filename entry is the message body.
useful to implement methods like map to operate in a general manner the second optional option returns an ImmVector from a pair when the method warrants it
when the chunk size is 1, the read buffer is skipped, but the the writes are made in chunks of size 1 (business as usual) This should probably be revisited
write another line of text and a blank line this will be used to test, if the fgetcsv() read more than a line and its working when only a blan line is read
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.spltempfileobject.php )  The SplTempFileObject class offers an object oriented interface for a temporary file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.isuserdefined.php )  Checks whether the function is user-defined, as opposed to internal.
2 ICONV_MIME_DECODE_CONTINUE_ON_ERROR  If set, iconv_mime_decode_headers() attempts to ignore any grammatical errors and continue to process a given header.
@return int - mb_ereg_search_getpos() returns the point to start regular expression match for mb_ereg_search(), mb_ereg_search_pos(), mb_ereg_search_regs().
@return string - Returns a string containing a string representation of all the array elements in the same order, with the glue string between each element.
Currently, no generic attributes are set but only driver specific: PDO::ATTR_CURSOR_NAME (Firebird and ODBC specific): Set the name of cursor for UPDATE ...
It is important to understand that most classes that do not implement Iterators have reasons as most likely they do not allow the full Iterator feature set.
On some older UNIX platforms, it may not be able to determine the current OS information in which case it will revert to displaying the OS PHP was built on.
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Map` of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` after a filtering operation has been applied to each value in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
TODO: add sanity check and test if all required DLLs are present, per version  This version works at least for 3.6, 3.8 and 4.0 (5.3-vc6, 5.3-vc9 and HEAD).
Test array_map() by passing non-permmited built-in functions and language constructs i.e. echo(), array(), empty(), eval(), exit(), isset(), list(), print()
This means that if there are two processes wanting to write to the same output stream (a file), each is paused after 8K of data to allow the other to write.
error getting database response: errstr  WSA error getting database response: errstr  "errstr" is an io error reported directly from the C socket subsystem.
expire: Maximum length of time (seconds) a secondary DNS server should retain remote copies of the zone data without a successful refresh before discarding.
flock() allows you to perform a simple reader/writer model which can be used on virtually every platform (including most Unix derivatives and even Windows).
write another line of text and a blank line this will be used to test, if the fgetcsv() read more than a line and its working when only a blank line is read
@return mixed - The node at the indexth position in the map, or NULL if that is not a valid index (greater than or equal to the number of nodes in this map).
A database reference is just a normal associative array, not an instance of MongoDBRef, so this class is a little different than the other data type classes.
For example, to profile all queries that take longer than one second, run:    Profiled queries will appear in the system.profile collection of this database.
If the optional argument pad_string is not supplied, the input is padded with spaces, otherwise it is padded with characters from pad_string up to the limit.
Messages marked for deletion will stay in the mailbox until either imap_expunge() is called or imap_close() is called with the optional parameter CL_EXPUNGE.
Possible values are RecursiveIteratorIterator::CATCH_GET_CHILD which will then ignore exceptions thrown in calls to RecursiveIteratorIterator::getChildren().
Prototype  : int imagecolorstotal(resource im) Description: Find out the number of colors in an image's palette  Source code: ext/gd/gd.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto string utf8_decode(string data) Description: Converts a UTF-8 encoded string to ISO-8859-1  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Returns three samples representing the average system load (the number of processes in the system run queue) over the last 1, 5 and 15 minutes, respectively.
The class uses the formatting specifications for the fragments to assemble them into a message that is contained in a single string within a resource bundle.
We should solve this eventually by forcing all child class methods / members to have type hints if the corresponding method / member in the parent is hinted.
openssl_csr_export_to_file() takes the Certificate Signing Request represented by csr and saves it as ascii-armoured text into the file named by outfilename.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayiterator.count.php )  Gets the number of elements in the array, or the number of public properties in the object.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.reflectiontype.php )  The ReflectionType class reports information about a function's parameters or return type.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phardata.setstub.php )  Non-executable tar/zip archives cannot have a stub, so this method simply throws an exception.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/regexiterator.getmode.php )  Returns the operation mode, see RegexIterator::setMode() for the list of operation modes.
@return - A `Vector` of `Vector` objects, where the outer `Vector` represents the rows and each inner `Vector` represent the typed column values for each row.
@return string - Returns a string formatted according to the given format string using the given timestamp or the current local time if no timestamp is given.
A valid key is a string containing a variable name and a valid value is either a filter type, or an array optionally specifying the filter, flags and options.
After processing a request, any semaphores acquired by the process but not explicitly released will be released automatically and a warning will be generated.
Depending on the server interface that you use, that means that they will either be sent to strerr (with PHP-CLI), or otherwise to the web server's error log.
For a statement that you need to issue multiple times, prepare a PDOStatement object with PDO::prepare() and issue the statement with PDOStatement::execute().
However, mysqli_get_server_version() needs a mysqli handle for which in turn one needs to parse the PDO test environment variables for connection parameter...
If desiredmsgtype is less than 0, the first message on the queue with the lowest type less than or equal to the absolute value of desiredmsgtype will be read.
If nothing else is specified and spl_autoload_register() is called without any parameters then this functions will be used for any later call to __autoload().
It also indicates if a cryptographically strong algorithm was used to produce the pseudo-random bytes, and does this via the optional crypto_strong parameter.
Prototype  : string dirname(string path) Description: Returns the directory name component of the path  Source code: ext/standard/string.c Alias to functions:
Returns a ImmVector containing the values of this ImmVector up to but not including the first value that produces false when passed to the specified callback.
Right now this is just an estimate since one test can have a bunch of different data sets sent to it via a data provider, making one test really into n tests.
Testing fgetcsv() to read a file when provided with default enclosure character  and with delimiter character which is not in the line being read by fgetcsv()
The Equinox is assumed to always fall on 21st March, so the calculation reduces to determining the date of the full moon and the date of the following Sunday.
The call to a builtin is needed to invoke the code that saves the VM's hardware registers to ExecutionContext, and gives them values that will be bogus below.
This is because spl_autoload_register() will effectively replace the engine cache for the __autoload function by either spl_autoload() or spl_autoload_call().
This test exercises the register allocator, because it results in a single big tracelet that has more live values in flight than there are physical registers.
Thus, after a few minutes, the cursor "times out" and the database assumes the client has gotten everything it needs and cleans up its the cursor's resources.
Using MYSQL_ASSOC, you only get associative indices (as mysql_fetch_assoc() works), using MYSQL_NUM, you only get number indices (as mysql_fetch_row() works).
openssl_sign() computes a signature for the specified data by using SHA1 for hashing followed by encryption using the private key associated with priv_key_id.
xml_parser_create_ns() creates a new XML parser with XML namespace support and returns a resource handle referencing it to be used by the other XML functions.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursivefilteriterator.getchildren.php )  Return the inner iterator's children contained in a RecursiveFilterIterator.
@return int - On success, the PID of the child process is returned in the parent's thread of execution, and a 0 is returned in the child's thread of execution.
@return mixed - Depending on mode count_chars() returns one of the following: 0 - an array with the byte-value as key and the frequency of every byte as value.
A second call to shm_attach() for the same key will return a different shared memory identifier, but both identifiers access the same underlying shared memory.
Also possible reason for this function returning FALSE after successful call to mysqli_query() can be too large result set (memory for it cannot be allocated).
Because every system is setup differently, phpinfo() is commonly used to check configuration settings and for available predefined variables on a given system.
For reliability and performance reasons, the TCP implementation itself decides the appropriate octet boundaries of the underlying datagram communication layer.
For this function to work, you will need either to set some ID attributes with DOMElement::setIdAttribute or a DTD which defines an attribute to be of type ID.
However when the method is invoked we generate an expression dependent type to ensure that the 'this' type between two instance refer to exactly the same type.
Note that when an XHP name is used in a function signature it's okay to use the XHP name without preceding whitespace as long as the previous token is not ':'.
PDOStatement::rowCount() returns the number of rows affected by the last DELETE, INSERT, or UPDATE statement executed by the corresponding PDOStatement object.
Passing anonymous(run-time) callback function with following variations: with one parameter two parameters three parameters extra parameters without parameters
Prototype  : proto int xml_set_default_handler(resource parser, string hdl) Description: Set up default handler  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Vector` of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` after a filtering operation has been applied to each value in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
The advantages of a string assertion are less overhead when assertion checking is off and messages containing the assertion expression when an assertion fails.
This function checks to ensure that the file designated by filename is a valid upload file (meaning that it was uploaded via PHP's HTTP POST upload mechanism).
With default callback function argument, array_filter() removes elements which are interpreted as false  Here Testing all the false array element possibilities
mode (string) - the type of access required for this stream (see Table 1 of the fopen() reference)  seekable (bool) - whether the current stream can be seeked.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.setiteratorclass.php )  Sets the classname of the array iterator that is used by ArrayObject::getIterator().
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.recursiveiterator.php )  Classes implementing RecursiveIterator can be used to iterate over iterators recursively.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.splsubject.php )  The SplSubject interface is used alongside SplObserver to implement the Observer Design Pattern.
@return - A `Vector` of `Map` objects, where the `Vector` elements are the rows and the `Map` elements are the column names and values associated with that row.
Before 5.3.6, the only values recognized are TRUE or FALSE, which are the same as setting or not setting the DEBUG_BACKTRACE_PROVIDE_OBJECT option respectively.
Both these methods and the internal iterator objects provided to foreach are backed by the same state (e.g. the position of the iterator and its current value).
By invoking the methods provided by the NumberFormatter class, you can format numbers, currencies, and percentages according to the specified or default locale.
Common protocols Name Description icmp The Internet Control Message Protocol is used primarily by gateways and hosts to report errors in datagram communication.
If it fails, it calls `invariant_violation`  This function provides a way to have a variable type checked as a more specific type than it is currently declared.
In the examples above, we can change them to:    Now the first statement will return "foo" and the second statement will return a count of the "foo" collection.
In this case, the SOAP method will return a special SoapFault object which encapsulates the fault details (faultcode, faultstring, faultactor and faultdetails).
Since this is a successful result wrapper, this always returns an `InvariantException` saying that there was no exception thrown from the `Awaitable` operation.
There are five types of binary data currently recognized by the BSON spec: function (0x01), byte array (0x02), UUID (0x03), MD5 (0x05), and user defined (0x80).
This allows you, for example, to intercept the read and write methods to encrypt/decrypt the session data and then pass the result to and from the parent class.
This class represents iterator objects throughout the intl extension whenever the iterator cannot be identified with any other object provided by the extension.
This is to cause fewer exceptions during replica set failover (although you will probably still have to deal with some) and gloss over transient network issues.
This procedure created problems for localizers because the sentence structure, word order, number format and so on are very different from language to language.
Together with xhprof_frame_end(), this times one block of code execution as if it were a function call, allowing people to define arbitrary function boundaries.
We certainly wouldn't want to load that into memory all at once, which is what a cursor is for: allowing the client to access the collection in dribs and drabs.
rss The maximum number of virtual pages resident in RAM maxproc The maximum number of processes that can be created for the real user ID of the calling process.
unset() variation2: unset on a global variable inside a function If a globalized variable is unset() inside of a function, only the local variable is destroyed.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.getiteratorclass.php )  Gets the class name of the array iterator that is used by ArrayObject::getIterator().
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.spldoublylinkedlist.php )  The SplDoublyLinkedList class provides the main functionalities of a doubly linked list.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.splmaxheap.php )  The SplMaxHeap class provides the main functionalities of a heap, keeping the maximum on the top.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.splminheap.php )  The SplMinHeap class provides the main functionalities of a heap, keeping the minimum on the top.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.splobserver.php )  The SplObserver interface is used alongside SplSubject to implement the Observer Design Pattern.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phardata.setalias.php )  Non-executable tar/zip archives cannot have an alias, so this method simply throws an exception.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.getdefaultvalue.php )  Gets the default value of the parameter for a user-defined function or method.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.gethash.php )  This method calculates an identifier for the objects added to an SplObjectStorage object.
For example, set fuzz to 10 and the color red at intensities of 100 and 102 respectively are now interpreted as the same color for the purposes of the floodfill.
For the name of just the operating system, consider using the PHP_OS constant, but keep in mind this constant will contain the operating system PHP was built on.
If you use the MYSQLI_STMT_ATTR_CURSOR_TYPE option with MYSQLI_CURSOR_TYPE_READ_ONLY, a cursor is opened for the statement when you invoke mysqli_stmt_execute().
If you would like to profile queries that take longer than another time period, use the database command and pass it a second option, the number of milliseconds.
Prototype  : proto bool posix_kill(int pid, int sig) Description: Send a signal to a process (POSIX.1, 3.3.2)  Source code: ext/posix/posix.c Alias to functions:
Returns a ImmMap containing the key/value pairs of this ImmMap up to but not including the first value that produces false when passed to the specified callback.
This function parses an XML file into 2 parallel array structures, one (index) containing pointers to the location of the appropriate values in the values array.
This option is disabled by default because there are a lot of broken mail user agents that don't follow the specification and don't produce correct MIME headers.
You can also use Unix timestamp or a number of seconds starting from current time, but in the latter case the number of seconds may not exceed 2592000 (30 days).
adds a few simple methods to all containers that implement iterators, mainly implemented so we can consolidate all the logic dealing with iterators in one place.
need to fetch the value twice because under common config settings object are serialized on first store and APCObject (APCCollection) are created on second fetch
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.newinstancewithoutconstructor.php )  Creates a new instance of the class without invoking the constructor.
@return int - This function returns FALSE if parser does not refer to a valid parser, or else it returns one of the error codes listed in the error codes section.
@return int - This function returns FALSE if parser does not refer to a valid parser, or else it returns which line the parser is currently at in its data buffer.
@returns mixed - Returns TRUE on success, FALSE if negoation has failed, or 0 if there isn't enough data and you should try again (only for non-blocking sockets).
A Plan is an ordered list of constraints to be executed in sequence to resatisfy all currently satisfiable constraints in the face of one or more changing inputs.
A second call to msg_get_queue() for the same key will return a different message queue identifier, but both identifiers access the same underlying message queue.
Basically any concrete implementation of `AsyncMysqlResult` can provide these type of statistics by calling its `clientStats()` method and a method on this class.
If the last SQL statement executed by the associated PDOStatement was a SELECT statement, some databases may return the number of rows returned by that statement.
It allows to display number according to the localized format or given pattern or set of rules, and to parse strings into numbers according to the above patterns.
May be any one of the following: DNS_A, DNS_CNAME, DNS_HINFO, DNS_MX, DNS_NS, DNS_PTR, DNS_SOA, DNS_TXT, DNS_AAAA, DNS_SRV, DNS_NAPTR, DNS_A6, DNS_ALL or DNS_ANY.
Prototype : callback(mixed value, mixed key, mixed user_data) Parameters : value - value in key/value pair key - key in key/value pair user_data - extra parameter
That is, if you have a string like "This is an example string" you could tokenize this string into its individual words by using the space character as the token.
This function can be used instead of easter_date() to calculate Easter for years which fall outside the range of Unix timestamps (i.e. before 1970 or after 2037).
When doing parallel searches an array of search result identifiers is returned, except in case of error, then the entry corresponding to the search will be FALSE.
Zero indicates that no records where updated for an UPDATE/DELETE statement, no rows matched the WHERE clause in the query or that no query has yet been executed.
if fewer arguments are passed than there are paramaters declared, a warning is issued and the parameters corresponding to each each omitted argument are undefined
none of the interfaces that exist are safe to use since technically any user code could implement them and the lazyiterables in hack do not follow the same rules.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.iteratoriterator.php )  This iterator wrapper allows the conversion of anything that is Traversable into an Iterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.recursiveregexiterator.php )  This recursive iterator can filter another recursive iterator via a regular expression.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.setfileclass.php )  Set the class name which SplFileInfo will use to open files with when openFile() is called.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.ftell.php )  Returns the position of the file pointer which represents the current offset in the file stream.
(excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.splqueue.php)  The SplQueue class provides the main functionalities of a queue implemented using a doubly linked list.
(excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.splstack.php)  The SplStack class provides the main functionalities of a stack implemented using a doubly linked list.
*********************************************************** echoMeStructRequest echoMeStructRequest with endpoint as header destination, doesn't have to understand
@length     mixed   If the length argument is given, writing will stop after length bytes have been written or the end of string is reached, whichever comes first.
@return     mixed   Returns the exception code as integer in Exception but possibly as other type in Exception descendants (for example as string in PDOException).
@return mixed - Identical to PDO::errorCode(), except that PDOStatement::errorCode() only retrieves error codes for operations performed with PDOStatement objects.
After the socket socket has been created using socket_create() and bound to a name with socket_bind(), it may be told to listen for incoming connections on socket.
As a convenience, this class also implements the Iterator interface, allowing the collection of values to be navigated using the methods defined in that interface.
Call the existing PHP builtin function error_reporting to set the value behind EG(error_reporting), as visible through the test function ezc_get_error_reporting().
Configuration items supported by iconv_mime_encode()    Item Type Description Default value Example scheme string  Specifies the method to encode a field value by.
For example, MessageFormatter enables you to print the phrase "Finished printing x out of y files..." in a manner that still allows for flexibility in translation.
If 'sz' is greater than the current size of this Vector, this Vector is extended by appending as many copies of 'value' as needed to reach a size of 'sz' elements.
If tv_sec and tv_usec are both set to 0, stream_select() will not wait for data - instead it will return immediately, indicating the current status of the streams.
Prototype  : proto string base64_encode(string str) Description: Encodes string using MIME base64 algorithm  Source code: ext/standard/base64.c Alias to functions:
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Map` of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` after a mapping operation has been applied to each key/value pair in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
The array consists of the following fields: Element Information 0 SQLSTATE error code (a five characters alphanumeric identifier defined in the ANSI SQL standard).
The new_link parameter modifies this behavior and makes mysql_connect() always open a new link, even if mysql_connect() was called before with the same parameters.
This test demonstrates the expected behavior of various input scenarios, where 'expected' is defined as the behavior that exists in php's mail-mailparse package...
socket_getpeername() may also return FALSE if the socket type is not any of AF_INET, AF_INET6, or AF_UNIX, in which case the last socket error code is not updated.
socket_getsockname() may also return FALSE if the socket type is not any of AF_INET, AF_INET6, or AF_UNIX, in which case the last socket error code is not updated.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.iswritable.php )  This method returns TRUE if phar.readonly is 0, and the actual phar archive on disk is not read-only.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/recursivecachingiterator.construct.php )  Constructs a new RecursiveCachingIterator, which consists of a passed in iterator.
@return string - session_id() returns the session id for the current session or the empty string ("") if there is no current session (no current session id exists).
As with all functionality that modifies the contents of a phar, the phar.readonly INI variable must be off in order to succeed if the file is within a Phar archive.
Collect existing system locales and get 2 valid locales that can be use to  pass as argument to setlocale(), pass 2 invalid arguments along with two valid arguments
E.g, deadlocks  Future enhancements:  - Integrate the testing with our current "test/run" style infrastructure for official pass/fail statistics when we have diffs.
ICU resource mechanism allows to define sets of resources that the application can load on locale basis, while accessing them in unified locale-independent fashion.
If the optional regs parameter was specified, the function returns the byte length of matched part, and the array regs will contain the substring of matched string.
Instances of the MongoId class fulfill the role that autoincrementing does in a relational database: to provide a unique key if the data does not natually have one.
Load a string of YAML into a PHP array statically  The load method, when supplied with a YAML string, will do its best to convert YAML in a string into a PHP array.
Pass a Japanese string and a mixed Japanese and ASCII string to mb_strtolower to check correct conversion is occuring (Japanese characters should not be converted).
The DOMImplementation interface provides a number of methods for performing operations that are independent of any particular instance of the document object model.
The code has been modified to preserve as much alpha channel information as possible in the resulting palette, in addition to preserving colors as well as possible.
The source can be MCRYPT_RAND (system random number generator), MCRYPT_DEV_RANDOM (read data from /dev/random) and MCRYPT_DEV_URANDOM (read data from /dev/urandom).
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.reflectionparameter.php )  The ReflectionParameter class retrieves information about function's or method's parameters.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phardata.setdefaultstub.php )  Non-executable tar/zip archives cannot have a stub, so this method simply throws an exception.
If no salt is provided, PHP will auto-generate either a standard two character (DES) salt, or a twelve character (MD5), depending on the availability of MD5 crypt().
If we failed to prepare we need to move the error messages that are on the mysqli_stmt object to the mysqli object otherwise the user will never be able to get them.
If you create a PDOStatement object through PDO::prepare() or PDO::query() and invoke an error on the statement handle, PDO::errorCode() will not reflect that error.
Prototype  : proto int xml_parser_get_option(resource parser, int option) Description: Get options from an XML parser  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Map` of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` after a filtering operation has been applied to each key/value pair in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
Stores each value produced by the specified KeyedIterable into the Map using its corresponding key, overwriting any previous value that was associated with that key.
Test behaviour of shuffle() when unexpected values are passed for 'array_arg' argument and verify that function outputs required warning messages wherever applicable
There are five predefined types (which are the class constants listed below), and the user can create their own (at the risk of the BSON spec catching up with them).
This function can be used to copy regions within the same image (if dst_image is the same as src_image) but if the regions overlap the results will be unpredictable.
`AsyncMysqlConnection::multiQuery()` is similar to `AsyncMysqlConnection::query()`, except that you can pass an array of `string` queries to run one after the other.
different servers may do different things on non-200 results for instance, IIS will deliver it's own error pages, so we cannot expect to match up the EXPECT section.
there are 7 sets of args that crash PHP (and other args that don't), each of those 7 is now a separate PHPT test to ensure that each of the 7 args are always tested.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/function.filter-var-array.php )  This function is useful for retrieving many values without repetitively calling filter_var().
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/limititerator.construct.php )  Constructs a new LimitIterator from an iterator with a given starting offset and maximum count.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionfunctionabstract.getnumberofrequiredparameters.php )  Get the number of required parameters that a function defines.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.fgetcsv.php )  Gets a line from the file which is in CSV format and returns an array containing the fields read.
@compression mixed   This should be one of Phar::NONE for no whole-archive compression, Phar::GZ for zlib-based compression, and Phar::BZ2 for bzip-based compression.
A row block can be the full result of the query (if there is only one row block), or it can be the partial result of the query (if there are more than one row block).
For example, suppose that the input skeleton is "GyyyyMMMd", and there is no matching pattern internally, but there is a pattern matching "yyyyMMMd", say "d-MM-yyyy".
It must return an integer less than, equal to, or greater than zero if the first key is considered to be respectively less than, equal to, or greater than the second.
On success, the array will contain two keys 'file' and 'line' which indicate the filename and line number of the callsite that invoked the current function or method.
PHP supports a portable way of locking complete files in an advisory way (which means all accessing programs have to use the same way of locking or it will not work).
Prototype  : array gd_info  ( void  ) Description: Retrieve information about the currently installed GD library Source code: ext/standard/image.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : string iconv(string in_charset, string out_charset, string str) Description: Returns converted string in desired encoding  Source code: ext/iconv/iconv.c
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Vector` of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` after a mapping operation has been applied to each key/value pair in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
The following file shows how to bootstrap phpdbg so that you can mock specific server environments  eval include("web-bootstrap.php") exec index.php compile break ...
The main differences between a SplFixedArray and a normal PHP array is that the SplFixedArray is of fixed length and allows only integers within the range as indexes.
Then we return as normal (and this test is trying to make sure nothing chokes due to the destroyed locals), then further out the next enter hook will throw the fatal.
With PHP 4.0.6 through 4.1.x this function always exists if the GD module is loaded, but calling it without GD2 being installed PHP will issue a fatal error and exit.
msg_set_queue() allows you to change the values of the msg_perm.uid, msg_perm.gid, msg_perm.mode and msg_qbytes fields of the underlying message queue data structure.
openssl_x509_parse() returns information about the supplied x509cert, including fields such as subject name, issuer name, purposes, valid from and valid to dates etc.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.issubclassof.php )  Checks if the class is a subclass of a specified class or implements a specified interface.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/regexiterator.getpregflags.php )  Returns the regular expression flags, see RegexIterator::__construct() for the list of flags.
A document may be parsed piece-wise by calling xml_parse() several times with new data, as long as the is_final parameter is set and TRUE when the last data is parsed.
Also, xhprof_frame_begin() and xhprof_frame_end() have to be paired up really well, so not to interfere with regular function's profiling, unless that's the intention.
By printing out a notice that we are actively stating the file then subsequently performing multiple stat operations on it we effectively test the stat cache mechanism
If a sequence name was specified for the name parameter, PDO::lastInsertId() returns a string representing the last value retrieved from the specified sequence object.
In case the script is making successive searches which return large result sets, ldap_free_result() could be called to keep the runtime memory usage by the script low.
Initialise function arguments not being substituted Some of the parameters actually passed to charset will request to use a default charset determined by the platform.
Keys are cache-unique, so attempting to use apc_add() to store data with a key that already exists will not overwrite the existing data, and will instead return FALSE.
Load YAML into a PHP array statically  The load method, when supplied with a YAML stream (string or file), will do its best to convert YAML in a file into a PHP array.
Prototype  : array list_system_locales( void ) Description: To get the currently installed locle in this platform  Arguments  : Nil Returns    : set of locale as array
Prototype  : proto array get_object_vars(object obj) Description: Returns an array of object properties  Source code: Zend/zend_builtin_functions.c Alias to functions:
Returns an `ImmVector` containing the values of the current `Pair` up to but not including the first value that produces `false` when passed to the specified callback.
The 'variant' and 'private' subtags can take maximum 15 values whereas 'extlang' can take maximum 3 values.e.g. Variants are allowed with the suffix ranging from 0-14.
The function will return an error if the uncompressed data is more than 32768 times the length of the compressed input data or more than the optional parameter length.
This allows you to easily receive arrays or complex object structures from other PHP scripts, or if you are using the WDDX serializer, from any WDDX compatible source.
This function alleviates the need for a a bunch of branching checks that are required if you called something like preg_replace_callback() that uses a single callback.
This function should be used in place of exec() or system() when the output from the Unix command is binary data which needs to be passed directly back to the browser.
This method is useful for database drivers that do not support executing a PDOStatement object when a previously executed PDOStatement object still has unfetched rows.
Variation 4 : Create file and a hard link to the file Access data of the file through the hard link  Update the file through hard link Check size of file and hard link
While autocommit mode is turned off, changes made to the database via the PDO object instance are not committed until you end the transaction by calling PDO::commit().
"4" as key is taken as key 4 9.2 as key is truncated to key 9 "12.8" as key is treated as key with that string, NOT truncated and made int 12 NULL as key becomes key ""
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.arrayiterator.php )  This iterator allows unsetting and modifying values and keys while iterating over Arrays and Objects.
76 996   line-break-chars string  Specifies the sequence of characters to append to each line as an end-of-line sign when "folding" is performed on a long header field.
Every key and value in the current `Pair` is affected by a call to `mapWithKey()`, unlike `filterWithKey()` where only values that meet a certain criteria are affected.
For backwards compatibility, it also defaults the "w" option of its constructor argument to 0, which does not require write operations to be acknowledged by the server.
If tv_sec is NULL stream_select() can block indefinitely, returning only when an event on one of the watched streams occurs (or if a signal interrupts the system call).
MSG_EXCEPT Using this flag in combination with a desiredmsgtype greater than 0 will cause the function to receive the first message that is not equal to desiredmsgtype.
Prototype  : bool curl_setopt(resource ch, int option, mixed value) Description: Set an option for a cURL transfer Source code: ext/curl/interface.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto bool ob_end_flush(void) Description: Flush (send) the output buffer, and delete current output buffer  Source code: main/output.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto int xml_get_current_byte_index(resource parser) Description: Get current byte index for an XML parser  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Reasons for failure are first that you called the function without an active buffer or that for some reason a buffer could not be deleted (possible for special buffer).
Returns an `Awaitable` of `Vector` of `ResultOrExceptionWrapper` after a filtering operation has been applied to each key/value pair in the provided `KeyedTraversable`.
boolhandler interrno stringerrstr stringerrfile interrline arrayerrcontext    errno   The first parameter, errno, contains the level of the error raised, as an integer.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.splobjectstorage.php )  The SplObjectStorage class provides a map from objects to data or, by ignoring data, an object set.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phardata.compress.php )  For tar archives, this method compresses the entire archive using gzip compression or bzip2 compression.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/pharfileinfo.chmod.php )  PharFileInfo::chmod() allows setting of the executable file permissions bit, as well as read-only bits.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobserver.update.php )  This method is called when any SplSubject to which the observer is attached calls SplSubject::notify().
@return int - Returns the data type index of the column identified by column_number (one of SQLITE3_INTEGER, SQLITE3_FLOAT, SQLITE3_TEXT, SQLITE3_BLOB, or SQLITE3_NULL).
Adds a packet to the worklist of this block's task, marks this as runnable if necessary, and returns the next runnable object to run (the one with the highest priority).
Although it is possible to simply change the compression of a tar archive using this method, it is better to use the PharData::compress() method for logical consistency.
At this point 'persistent' is not to be confused with what a user calls a 'persistent' - in this case 'persistent' means that mysqlnd uses malloc() instead of emalloc().
By doing it this way you have all information for the call in one place and do not clutter the function namespace with a callback function's name not used anywhere else.
Each document in the chunks collection contains a chunk of binary data, a files_id field that matches its file's _id, and the position of this chunk in the overall file.
I think both p8 and php are wrong on the messages here p8 generates different messages to php, php is probably wrong php has either "File Exists" or "Permission Denied".
On some Unix variants, getcwd() will return FALSE if any one of the parent directories does not have the readable or search mode set, even if the current directory does.
Prototype  : proto int fpassthru(resource fp) Description: Output all remaining data from a file pointer  Source code: ext/standard/file.c Alias to functions: gzpassthru
Remember that resource variables (i.e. file and connection descriptors) cannot be stored in the cache, because they cannot be adequately represented in serialized state.
Use CALL_TOSTRING to call RecursiveCachingIterator::__toString() for every element (the default), and/or CATCH_GET_CHILD to catch exceptions when trying to get children.
realpath() expands all symbolic links and resolves references to '/./', '/../' and extra '/' characters in the input path and return the canonicalized absolute pathname.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.badmethodcallexception.php )  Exception thrown if a callback refers to an undefined method or if some arguments are missing.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/function.filter-input-array.php )  This function is useful for retrieving many values without repetitively calling filter_input().
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phardata.converttodata.php )  This method is used to convert a non-executable tar or zip archive to another non-executable format.
If you want to further process the buffer's contents you have to call ob_get_contents() before ob_flush() as the buffer contents are discarded after ob_flush() is called.
Once the wrapper has been disabled you may override it with a user-defined wrapper using stream_wrapper_register() or re-enable it later on with stream_wrapper_restore().
Prototype  : proto int xml_get_current_line_number(resource parser) Description: Get current line number for an XML parser  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Scala has also this feature, see point 2 in http://codemonkeyism.com/top-5-things-to-know-about-constructors-in-scala/ See also section 5.3 of the scala reference manual.
This can be useful if you want touch a number of collections lightly, or process some results on the database side to reduce the amount that has to be sent to the client.
This is useful to help ensure that a malicious user hasn't tried to trick the script into working on files upon which it should not be working--for instance, /etc/passwd.
To modify the list of file extensions, simply invoke the functions with the new list of file extensions to use in a single string with each extensions separated by comma.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/arrayobject.asort.php )  Sorts the entries such that the keys maintain their correlation with the entries they are associated with.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.splfileinfo.php )  The SplFileInfo class offers a high-level object oriented interface to information for an individual file.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/filteriterator.construct.php )  Constructs a new FilterIterator, which consists of a passed in iterator with filters applied to it.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splobjectstorage.removeallexcept.php )  Removes all objects except for those contained in another storage from the current storage.
@return int - Returns the time in seconds that any previously scheduled alarm had remaining before it was to be delivered, or 0 if there was no previously scheduled alarm.
@return resource - fsockopen() returns a file pointer which may be used together with the other file functions (such as fgets(), fgetss(), fwrite(), fclose(), and feof()).
A JavaScript implementation of the DeltaBlue constraint-solving algorithm, as described in:  "The DeltaBlue Algorithm: An Incremental Constraint Hierarchy Solver" Bjorn N.
By default, this class will wrap whatever internal save handler is set as as defined by the session.save_handler configuration directive which is usually files by default.
If I subclass Exception, whether I define a constructor for that class or not, the base class constructor appears to be called anyway, and overwrites the supposed unknown.
If you do, then adjust NUM_GP_ARGS/NUM_SIMD_ARGS as needed and pipe the output of this script to runtime/vm/native-func-caller.h  I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
It must return an integer less than, equal to, or greater than zero if the first argument is considered to be respectively less than, equal to, or greater than the second.
NOTE - this will cause an error and it OK When using unbuffered prepared statements MySQL expects you to fetch all data from the row before sending new data to the server.
PHP locales are organized and identified the same way that the CLDR locales used by ICU (and many vendors of Unix-like operating systems, the Mac, Java, and so forth) use.
Reading ends when length bytes have been read, when the string specified by ending is found (which is not included in the return value), or on EOF (whichever comes first).
Returns an `ImmVector` containing the values of the current `Pair` starting after and including the first value that produces `true` when passed to the specified callback.
Test all listed encoding types from php.net to check all are known to function NB: The strings passed are *NOT* necessarily encoded in the encoding passed to the function.
The reason for this conversion is that the memory stream has an ugly but working mechanism to prevent being double freed when it's encapsulated, while STDIO streams don't.
This function is similar to strcmp(), with the difference that you can specify the (upper limit of the) number of characters from each string to be used in the comparison.
This function sorts an array such that array indices maintain their correlation with the array elements they are associated with, using a user-defined comparison function.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/iterator.valid.php )  This method is called after Iterator::rewind() and Iterator::next() to check if the current position is valid.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.getabstractconstantnames.php )  Returns an array containing the names of abstract constants as both keys and values.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.newinstanceargs.php )  Creates a new instance of the class, the given arguments are passed to the class constructor.
Alpha channel is not supported by all browsers, if you have problem with your browser, try to load your script with an alpha channel compliant browser, e.g. latest Mozilla.
An example of the difference between this algorithm and the regular computer string sorting algorithms (used in ArrayObject::asort) method can be seen in the example below.
Collect information about the host system for our report Fetch phpinfo() output so that we can see the PHP environment Make an archive of all the failed tests Send an email
It also only uses the first eight characters of str, so longer strings that start with the same eight characters will generate the same result (when the same salt is used).
PHP locales are organized and identified the same way that the CLDR locales used by ICU (and many vendors of Unix-like operating  systems, the Mac, Java, and so forth) use.
Prototype  : int ArrayObject::natcasesort() Description: proto int ArrayIterator::natcasesort() Sort the entries by values using case insensitive "natural order" algorithm.
Prototype  : string mb_decode_mimeheader(string string) Description: Decodes the MIME "encoded-word" in the string  Source code: ext/mbstring/mbstring.c Alias to functions:
Theoretically this should be valid because it weakens the constraint, but PHP does not allow this (for non-variadics), so I'm not allowing it here, too, to stay consistent.
This function is called `mmw` because we are returning a `m`ap, doing a `m`apping operation and each value member in the `Map` is `w`rapped by a `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`.
This function is called `vmw` because we are returning a `v`ector, doing a `m`apping operation and each member of the `Vector` is `w`rapped by a `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`.
Using MYSQL_ASSOC (the default), you only get associative indices (as mysql_fetch_assoc() works), using MYSQL_NUM, you only get number indices (as mysql_fetch_row() works).
Variation 3 : Create file and a soft link to the file Access data of the file through the soft link  Update the file through soft link Check size of file and soft link link
XML_OPTION_TARGET_ENCODING string Sets which target encoding to use in this XML parser.By default, it is set to the same as the source encoding used by xml_parser_create().
testing ksort() by providing array ofinteger/string objects with following flag values:  1.SORT_NUMERIC - compare items numerically 2.SORT_STRING - compare items as strings
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionclass.isinternal.php )  Checks if the class is defined internally by an extension, or the core, as opposed to user-defined.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.setinfoclass.php )  Use this method to set a custom class which will be used when getFileInfo and getPathInfo are called.
By doing it this way you have all the information for the call in one place and do not clutter the function namespace with a callback function's name not used anywhere else.
Comment about the frameworks:  - Have a 'git_commit' field to ensure consistency across test runs as we may have different download times for people, as well as redownloads.
Decrypts the S/MIME encrypted message contained in the file specified by infilename using the certificate and its associated private key specified by recipcert and recipkey.
Determine if the password hash needs to be rehashed according to the options provided  If the answer is true, after validating the password using password_verify, rehash it.
If cURL is built without ares support, DNS queries don't have a socket to wait on, so curl_multi_await() (and curl_select() in PHP5) will return -1, and polling is required.
If length is given and is negative, then that many characters will be omitted from the end of string (after the start position has been calculated when a start is negative).
If more than one field of the same name are present, iconv_mime_decode_headers() automatically incorporates them into a numerically indexed array in the order of occurrence.
If the data has a naturally occuring unique field (say, a username or timestamp) it is fine to use this as the _id field instead, and it will not be replaced with a MongoId.
Pass certain data types that can be taken as a key in an array  and test whether array_key_exists(() thinks they are equal and therefore returns true when searching for them
Prior to PHP 5.4.0, using FORCE_DEFLATE results in a standard zlib deflated string (inclusive zlib headers) after a gzip file header but without the trailing crc32 checksum.
Prototype  : proto int xml_set_character_data_handler(resource parser, string hdl) Description: Set up character data handler  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Shape-like array inference algorithm is best-effort, and it's fairly easy to confuse it to give up and treat array as map-like, even when it was not the developer intention.
The function converts the pathname of an existing accessible file and a project identifier into an integer for use with for example shmop_open() and other System V IPC keys.
This creates the possibility that mysql_affected_rows() may not actually equal the number of rows matched, only the number of rows that were literally affected by the query.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.badfunctioncallexception.php )  Exception thrown if a callback refers to an undefined function or if some arguments are missing.
@return mixed - The result array contains the following items:  timed_out (bool) - TRUE if the stream timed out while waiting for data on the last call to fread() or fgets().
For an async connection, this can be either ASYNC_OP_UNSET (no pending async operation), ASYNC_OP_QUERY (async query pending), or ASYNC_OP_CONNECT (async connection pending).
If you are using this function, you might consider just creating a connection pool via `AsyncMysqlConnectionPool` since you presumably have all the connection details anyway.
Prototype  : proto int xml_get_current_column_number(resource parser) Description: Get current column number for an XML parser  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Recompute the walkabout strengths and stay flags of all variables downstream of the given constraint and recompute the actual values of all variables whose stay flag is true.
That means that you either need to put the code of examples/autoload.inc into your autoprepend file or that you have to point your ini setting auto_prepend_file to that file.
This function is called `mfw` because we are returning a `m`ap, doing a `f`iltering operation and each value member in the `Map` is `w`rapped by a `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`.
This function is called `vfw` because we are returning a `v`ector, doing a `f`iltering operation and each member of the `Vector` is `w`rapped by a `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`.
This is the *highly recommended* way to create connections to a MySQL client, as opposed to using the `AsyncMysqlClient` class which does not give you nearly the flexibility.
Typically this happens when a function calls another function and expects the return value to be of a certain type or value not including arithmetic or buffer related errors.
Valid types are pipe (the second element is either r to pass the read end of the pipe to the process, or w to pass the write end) and file (the second element is a filename).
test CBC, ECB modes test encrypt decrypt test tripledes, aes test different lengths of key, iv test no iv being passed on CBC, ECB  test upto 32 bytes with unlimited strength
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.phardata.php )  The PharData class provides a high-level interface to accessing and creating non-executable tar and zip archives.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/pharfileinfo.iscompressed.php )  This returns whether a file is compressed within a Phar archive with either Gzip or Bzip2 compression.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/reflectionparameter.isdefaultvalueconstant.php )  Returns TRUE if the default value is constant, FALSE if it is not or NULL on failure.
@return int - This function returns the Levenshtein-Distance between the two argument strings or -1, if one of the argument strings is longer than the limit of 255 characters.
@return resource - Returns a resource handle for later use with zip_read() and zip_close() or returns the number of error if filename does not exist or in case of other error.
It's impossible to preserve the previous scope when doing so would break the invariants that, for non-static closures, having a scope is equivalent to having a bound instance.
Prototype  : bool iconv_set_encoding(string type, string charset) Description: Sets internal encoding and output encoding for ob_iconv_handler() Source code: ext/iconv/iconv.c
Returns position and length of a matched part of the multibyte regular expression for a predefined multibyte string The string for match is specified by mb_ereg_search_init().
The value of options is the value of zero or more of the following two constants OR'ed together: Possible values for options WNOHANG Return immediately if no child has exited.
This function is similar to strcasecmp(), with the difference that you can specify the (upper limit of the) number of characters from each string to be used in the comparison.
This will not equal the record's original ttl, but will rather equal the original ttl minus whatever length of time has passed since the authoritative name server was queried.
file extension of pages requested via http this allows for php to be configured to parse extensions other than php, useful for multiple configurations under a single webserver
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/pharfileinfo.compress.php )  This method compresses the file inside the Phar archive using either bzip2 compression or zlib compression.
Any number (between 0 and 255) could be used for type, if the user is willing to assume the risk that the database might eventually do something with binary data based on type.
Determines if the specified character is permissible as the first character in an identifier according to Unicode (The Unicode Standard, Version 3.0, chapter 5.16 Identifiers).
If no ttl is supplied (or if the ttl is 0), the value will persist until it is removed from the cache manually, or otherwise fails to exist in the cache (clear, restart, etc.).
Not only does it send this header back to the browser, but it also returns a REDIRECT (302) status code to the browser unless the 201 or a 3xx status code has already been set.
Note that this changes the return value in an array where every element is an array consisting of the matched string at offset 0 and its string offset into subject at offset 1.
Prototype  : proto int xml_parser_set_option(resource parser, int option, mixed value) Description: Set options in an XML parser  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
The connection, which was opened using Memcache::addServer() will be automatically closed at the end of script execution, you can also close it manually with Memcache::close().
Warnings (E_WARNING level) will be issued if shm_identifier is not a valid SysV shared memory index or if there was not enough shared memory remaining to complete your request.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.underflowexception.php )  Exception thrown when performing an invalid operation on an empty container, such as removing an element.
@return array - Returns an array containing a list of key-value pairs, where the keys identify the particular locale ID subtags, and the values are the associated subtag values.
@return array - Returns an array of strings, each of which is a substring of string formed by splitting it on boundaries formed by the case-sensitive regular expression pattern.
@return mixed - Returns an associative array with the following elements: The user information array Element Description name The name element contains the username of the user.
Each line in the resulting array will include the line ending, unless FILE_IGNORE_NEW_LINES is used, so you still need to use rtrim() if you do not want the line ending present.
If it's 0, the item never expires (but memcached server doesn't guarantee this item to be stored all the time, it could be deleted from the cache to make place for other items).
If the argument is set to TRUE then localtime() returns an associative array containing all the different elements of the structure returned by the C function call to localtime.
If you want to further process the buffer's contents you have to call ob_get_contents() before ob_end_clean() as the buffer contents are discarded when ob_end_clean() is called.
In addition, if any files are already compressed using bzip2/zlib compression, the respective extension must be enabled in order to decompress the files prior to re-compressing.
Prototype  : array strpbrk(string haystack, string char_list) Description: Search a string for any of a set of characters  Source code: ext/standard/string.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : int ArrayObject::uasort(callback cmp_function) Description: proto int ArrayIterator::uasort(callback cmp_function) Sort the entries by values user defined function.
Prototype  : proto int xml_set_end_namespace_decl_handler(resource parser, string hdl) Description: Set up character data handler  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : public int DateTime::getOffset  ( void  ) Description: Returns the daylight saving time offset Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions:  date_offset_get
Prototype  : void restore_error_handler(void) Description: Restores the previously defined error handler function  Source code: Zend/zend_builtin_functions.c Alias to functions:
The glob() function searches for all the pathnames matching pattern according to the rules used by the libc glob() function, which is similar to the rules used by common shells.
imagesettile() sets the tile image to be used by all region filling functions (such as imagefill() and imagefilledpolygon()) when filling with the special color IMG_COLOR_TILED.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.directoryiterator.php )  The DirectoryIterator class provides a simple interface for viewing the contents of filesystem directories.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/filesystemiterator.getflags.php )  Gets the handling flags, as set in FilesystemIterator::__construct() or FilesystemIterator::setFlags().
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileinfo.getrealpath.php )  This method expands all symbolic links, resolves relative references and returns the real path to the file.
@return mixed - Returns TRUE if the signature is verified, FALSE if it is not correct (the message has been tampered with, or the signing certificate is invalid), or -1 on error.
@return string - The calculated message digest as lowercase hexits unless raw_output is set to true in which case the raw binary representation of the message digest is returned.
By using the MYSQLI_ASSOC constant this function will behave identically to the mysqli_fetch_assoc(), while MYSQLI_NUM will behave identically to the mysqli_fetch_row() function.
If the test that is coming in to this function is an individual test, as opposed to a file, then we can use the --filter option to make the run string have even more specificity.
If you need to set a timeout for reading/writing data over the socket, use stream_set_timeout(), as the timeout parameter to fsockopen() only applies while connecting the socket.
If you want to further process the buffer's contents you have to call ob_get_contents() before ob_end_flush() as the buffer contents are discarded after ob_end_flush() is called.
In PIPELINE mode (activated by calling Redis::pipeline()) we queue all commands locally until invoking Redis::exec() at which point they are sent to the server in a single batch.
Prototype  : proto bool method_exists(object object, string method) Description: Checks if the class method exists  Source code: Zend/zend_builtin_functions.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto int xml_set_notation_decl_handler(resource parser, string hdl) Description: Set up notation declaration handler  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : public string DateTimeZone::getName  ( void  ) Description: Returns the name of the timezone Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions: timezone_name_get()
Since information about the columns is not always available to PDO until the statement is executed, portable applications should call this function after PDOStatement::execute().
TODO Unfortunately different server versions give you slightly different results.The test_mysqli_fetch_field_flags_table_1 does not yet fully reflect all server changes/bugs etc.
This function starts running a suite, but stops between each individual benchmark in the suite and returns a continuation function which can be invoked to run the next benchmark.
@return array - Returns an array of strings, each of which is a substring of string formed by splitting it on boundaries formed by the case insensitive regular expression pattern.
@return array - Returns an associative array that holds a whole set of MIME header fields specified by encoded_headers on success, or FALSE if an error occurs during the decoding.
A process attempting to acquire a semaphore which it has already acquired will block forever if acquiring the semaphore would cause its maximum number of semaphore to be exceeded.
An edit constraint is then added to the opposite end and the time is measured for adding and removing this constraint, and extracting and executing a constraint satisfaction plan.
Prototype  : proto int xml_set_start_namespace_decl_handler(resource parser, string hdl) Description: Set up character data handler  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
openssl_csr_new() generates a new CSR (Certificate Signing Request) based on the information provided by dn, which represents the Distinguished Name to be used in the certificate.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/splfileobject.fpassthru.php )  Reads to EOF on the given file pointer from the current position and writes the results to the output buffer.
- Enhanced data output by the script to include "diff" type information about why a passing percentage is different from a previous run, particularly from a regression perspective.
Because of eccentricities in the performance of libresolv between platforms, DNS_ANY will not always return every record, the slower DNS_ALL will collect all records more reliably.
For example, suppose you tried to insert two documents with the same _id:  This would produce output like:  Note that the MongoDB error code (11000) is used for the PHP error code.
For example, to embed an image in a document, one could write:    This class contains a type field, which currently gives no additional functionality in the driver or the database.
If negative length is passed, iconv_substr() cuts the portion out of str from the offset'th character up to the character that is length characters away from the end of the string.
It returns an array of two elements, the first being a boolean specifying whether or not the function was invoked, the latter being the return value, or null if it was not invoked.
PDO::quote() places quotes around the input string (if required) and escapes special characters within the input string, using a quoting style appropriate to the underlying driver.
Pass all encodings listed on php.net to mb_strlen to test that function recognises them NB: The strings passed are *NOT* necessarily encoded in the encoding passed to the function.
Prototype  : int ArrayObject::uksort(callback cmp_function) Description: proto int ArrayIterator::uksort(callback cmp_function) Sort the entries by key using user defined function.
Testing sort() by providing reference variable array with following flag values flag value as defualt SORT_REGULAR - compare items normally SORT_NUMERIC - compare items numerically
This file is meant to be used with a benchmarking harness that repeatedly generates include.php to include different subsets of benchmarks  with each invocation of harness-run.php.
functions must receive all input arguments in the same order as defined in the WSDL file (They should not receive any output parameters as arguments) and return one or more values.
openssl_pkcs7_sign() takes the contents of the file named infilename and signs them using the certificate and its matching private key specified by signcert and privkey parameters.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.sessionhandlerinterface.php )  SessionHandlerInterface is an interface which defines a prototype for creating a custom session handler.
/* Note: As opposed to defining constants using define(), constants defined using the const keyword must be declared at the top-level scope because they are defined at compile-time.
@return string - A string containing the derived key as lowercase hexits unless raw_output is set to TRUE in which case the raw binary representation of the derived key is returned.
For example, sqlite will wait for up to this time value before giving up on obtaining an writable lock, but other drivers may interpret this as a connect or a read timeout interval.
For example, the files document is something like:  and the chunks documents look like:  Of course, the default chunk size is thousands of bytes, but that makes an unwieldy example.
For the purpose of this function, 'word' is defined as a locale dependent string containing alphabetic characters, which also may contain, but not start with "'" and "-" characters.
If negative length is passed, fb_utf8_substr() cuts the portion out of str from the start'th character up to the character that is length characters away from the end of the string.
If you turn it on (say, using MongoDB::setProfilingLevel() or the shell), you can see how many queries took longer than a given number of milliseconds or the timing for all queries.
Note that the distinction between signed and unsigned values only affects the function unpack(), where as function pack() gives the same result for signed and unsigned format codes.
Testing asort() by providing reference variable array with following flag values flag value as defualt SORT_REGULAR - compare items normally SORT_NUMERIC - compare items numerically
The complexity of the algorithm is O(m*n), where n and m are the length of str1 and str2 (rather good when compared to similar_text(), which is O(max(n,m)**3), but still expensive).
The socket_set_option() function sets the option specified by the optname parameter, at the specified protocol level, to the value pointed to by the optval parameter for the socket.
Those arrays must be of the same size as the link identifier array since the first entries of the arrays are used for one search, the second entries are used for another, and so on.
We are allowing type hints on variadic function for Hack modes for the type checker, even though we will not check that every element passed into the variadic matches the type hint.
When you define a sequence of characters in the charlist argument make sure that you know what characters come between the characters that you set as the start and end of the range.
test1.jpg is a 1*1 image that does not contain any Exif/Comment information test2.jpg is the same image but contains Exif/Comment information and a copy of test1.jpg as a thumbnail.
Note that this changes the value of matches into an array where every element is an array consisting of the matched string at offset 0 and its string offset into subject at offset 1.
Test array_rand() with different types of values other than int passed to 'num_req' argument to see that function works with unexpeced data and generates warning message as required.
Testing arsort() by providing reference variable array with following flag values flag value as defualt SORT_REGULAR - compare items normally SORT_NUMERIC - compare items numerically
The definition of a word is any string of characters that is immediately after a whitespace (These are: space, form-feed, newline, carriage return, horizontal tab, and vertical tab).
This function should be used to make sure that any data coming from user input is escaped before this data is passed to the exec() or system() functions, or to the backtick operator.
This is test/zend/bad/ext/spl/tests/iterator_042.php, except that it doesn't test some systemlib + typehint violation + set_error_handler interactions that should be fixed separately
To request a scrollable cursor for your PDOStatement object, you must set the PDO::ATTR_CURSOR attribute to PDO::CURSOR_SCROLL when you prepare the SQL statement with PDO::prepare().
hash_equals - Compare two strings in constant time  Note that this function is meant to be slower than a standard strcmp which short-circuits the comparison once the result is known.
If delimiter contains a value that is not contained in string and a negative limit is used, then an empty arraywill be returned, otherwise an array containing string will be returned.
If your PHP/Hack code needs to support multiple versions of HHVM/PHP, the autoloader can be (ab)used to provide an alternative implementation for versions that don't define a builtin.
PDOStatement::closeCursor() frees up the connection to the server so that other SQL statements may be issued, but leaves the statement in a state that enables it to be executed again.
Where extra functionality is available, the intl extension may expose the ICU break iterator with suitable subclasses, such as IntlRuleBasedBreakIterator or IntlCodePointBreaIterator.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.cancompress.php )  This should be used to test whether compression is possible prior to loading a phar archive containing compressed files.
@return int - This function returns FALSE if parser does not refer to a valid parser, or else it returns which byte index the parser is currently at in its data buffer (starting at 0).
If enc_type is PHP_QUERY_RFC1738, then encoding is performed per RFC 1738 and the application/x-www-form-urlencoded media type, which implies that spaces are encoded as plus (+) signs.
If the callback function has two parameters, the second parameter is filled with a bit-field consisting of PHP_OUTPUT_HANDLER_START, PHP_OUTPUT_HANDLER_CONT and PHP_OUTPUT_HANDLER_END.
If you think split() (or any other regex function, for that matter) is doing something weird, please read the file regex.7, included in the regex/ subdirectory of the PHP distribution.
NB: The names need to be all-lowercase to ensure that "someexception" has a lower litstr id than "other" (both original and lowercase versions of the name get put in the litstr table).
Posix requires that assumptions must not be made about the format of the values, e.g. the assumption that a release may contain three digits or anything else returned by this function.
Prototype  : array timezone_identifiers_list  ( void ) Description: Returns numerically index array with all timezone identifiers   Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions:
The .opts file for this test sets JitGlobalTranslationLimit in a way such that the second foreach loop's IterInit instruction gets jitted but its IterNext instruction gets interpreted.
The default (and the one used if NULL is given) is the one returned by date_default_timezone_get() or, if applicable, that of the IntlCalendar object passed for the calendar parameter.
The returned by this method must be in the same serialized format as when originally passed to the SessionHandlerInterface::write() If the record was not found, return an empty string.
This function is identical to imagecopymerge() except that when merging it preserves the hue of the source by converting the destination pixels to gray scale before the copy operation.
This is complementary to `numRows()` as they might be the same value, but if this was an `INSERT` query, for example, then this might be a non-zero value, while `numRows()` would be 0.
Type hints are missing as any classes that implements this interface must specify types, meaning that no classes written in PHP can implement this interface if type hints are included.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.splpriorityqueue.php )  The SplPriorityQueue class provides the main functionalities of an prioritized queue, implemented using a max heap.
*********************************************************** GROUP C header tests  echoMeStringRequest echoMeStringRequest with endpoint as header destination, doesn't have to understand
@return int - PAGELET_NOT_READY if there is no data available, PAGELET_READY if (partial) data is available from pagelet_server_flush(), and PAGELET_DONE if the pagelet request is done.
Although the error messages generated by the socket extension are in English, the system messages retrieved with this function will appear depending on the current locale (LC_MESSAGES).
As such, it can be used to implement a set (a collection of unique values) where the quality of an object being unique is determined by the value returned by this function being unique.
If you think spliti() (or any other regex function, for that matter) is doing something weird, please read the file regex.7, included in the regex/ subdirectory of the PHP distribution.
Prototype  : array DateTimeZone::getTransitions  () Description: Returns all transitions for the timezone Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions: timezone_transitions_get()
They don't have any meaning a such but are characteristic of a correct run so if the actual queue or hold count is different from the expected there must be a bug in the implementation.
This function is identical to htmlspecialchars() in all ways, except with htmlentities(), all characters which have HTML character entity equivalents are translated into these entities.
This is useful because SplFileObject contains additional methods for manipulating the file whereas SplFileInfo is only useful for gaining information, like whether the file is writable.
This may be a DateTime object, an IntlCalendar object, a numeric type representing a (possibly fractional) number of seconds since epoch or an array in the format output by localtime().
let's make this mysqlnd only - for libmysql we need debug installation table.inc will create a database connection and run some SQL queries, therefore the debug file should have entries
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/appenditerator.getarrayiterator.php )  This method gets the ArrayIterator that is used to store the iterators added with AppendIterator::append().
If the last query was a DELETE query with no WHERE clause, all of the records will have been deleted from the table but this function will return zero with MySQL versions prior to 4.1.2.
To use this class, first set the save handler you wish to expose using session.save_handler and then pass an instance of SessionHandler or one extending it to session_set_save_handler().
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.recursivedirectoryiterator.php )  The RecursiveDirectoryIterator provides an interface for iterating recursively over filesystem directories.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.canwrite.php )  This static method determines whether write access has been disabled in the system php.ini via the phar.readonly ini variable.
If you want to stick to the standards, you will have to create a temporary DOMDocument with a dummy root and then loop through the child nodes of the root of your XML data to append them.
In addition to its value, it maintain the structure of the constraint graph, the current dataflow graph, and various parameters of interest to the DeltaBlue incremental constraint solver.
Prototype  : int vfprintf(resource stream, string format, array args) Description: Output a formatted string into a stream  Source code: ext/standard/formatted_print.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto string gethostbyaddr(string ip_address) Description: Get the Internet host name corresponding to a given IP address  Source code: ext/standard/dns.c Alias to functions:
The following options are available: XML parser options Option constant Data type Description XML_OPTION_CASE_FOLDING integer Controls whether case-folding is enabled for this XML parser.
openssl_open() opens (decrypts) sealed_data using the private key associated with the key identifier priv_key_id and the envelope key env_key, and fills open_data with the decrypted data.
All these settings will also go into the environment for tests that are directly executed, so you can also set things like PHPRC here to force an executable to use a specific php.ini file.
An optional precision specifier in the form of a period (`.') followed by an optional decimal digit string that says how many decimal digits should be displayed for floating-point numbers.
Prototype  : proto int xml_set_element_handler(resource parser, string shdl, string ehdl) Description: Set up start and end element handlers  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Test array_rand() with different types of values other than arrays passed to the 'input' parameter to see that function works with unexpeced data and generates warning message as required.
The 'variant', 'private' and 'extlang' multiple values can be specified both as array under specific key (e.g. 'variant') and as multiple numbered keys (e.g. 'variant0', 'variant1', etc.).
The difference between this function and ftp_get() is that this function retrieves the file asynchronously, so your program can perform other operations while the file is being downloaded.
The difference between this function and the ftp_put() is that this function uploads the file asynchronously, so your program can perform other operations while the file is being uploaded.
This sort of check is especially important if there is any chance that anything done with uploaded files could reveal their contents to the user, or even to other users on the same system.
TipAs with anything that outputs its result directly to the browser, the output-control functions can be used to capture the output of this function, and save it in a string (for example).
- `expiration_policy`: A `string` of either `'IdleTime'` or `'Age'" that specifies whehter connections in the pool will be destroyed based on how long it sits idle or total age in the pool.
At the time this test was added, this function could sink increfs into conditional exits of a region, which tests jcc service requests that have the jcc and the stub in the same code block.
In its simplest form the function will take only the two strings as parameter and will calculate just the number of insert, replace and delete operations needed to transform str1 into str2.
Most of the time there is only one row block per query result since the query was never interrupted or otherwise deterred by some outside condition like exceeding network packet parameters.
Prototype  : proto int xml_set_external_entity_ref_handler(resource parser, string hdl) Description: Set up external entity reference handler  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : public mixed ReflectionFunction::getClosure() Description: Returns a dynamically created closure for the method Source code: ext/reflection/php_reflection.c Alias to functions:
Returns self::NEXT_COMPLETE if that one step got us to the next position (this changes depending on LEAVES_ONLY, SELF_FIRST, and CHILD_FIRST), or SELF::NEXT_REPEAT if more steps are needed.
The difference between this function and ftp_fget() is that this function retrieves the file asynchronously, so your program can perform other operations while the file is being downloaded.
The difference between this function and the ftp_fput() is that this function uploads the file asynchronously, so your program can perform other operations while the file is being uploaded.
To extract single parts of a multipart MIME-encoded message you have to use imap_fetchstructure() to analyze its structure and imap_fetchbody() to extract a copy of a single body component.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.interceptfilefuncs.php )  instructs phar to intercept fopen(), readfile(), file_get_contents(), opendir(), and all of the stat-related functions.
@return int - pcntl_wait() returns the process ID of the child which exited, -1 on error or zero if WNOHANG was provided as an option (on wait3-available systems) and no child was available.
@return mixed - If a sequence name was not specified for the name parameter, PDO::lastInsertId() returns a string representing the row ID of the last row that was inserted into the database.
@return mixed - Returns the new current locale, or FALSE if the locale functionality is not implemented on your platform, the specified locale does not exist or the category name is invalid.
@return resource - Returns a file pointer to the file opened, after that, everything you read from this file descriptor will be transparently decompressed and what you write gets compressed.
@since PHP 5.1  Typically this happens when a function calls another function and espects the return value to be of a certain type or value not including arithmetic or buffer related errors.
A class extending from SessionHandler allows you to override the methods or intercept or filter them by calls the parent class methods which ultimately wrap the interal PHP session handlers.
Computes the intersection of arrays with additional index check, compares data and indexes by a callback functions Note that the keys are used in the comparison unlike in array_uintersect().
For Internet Domain sockets (AF_INET) such as TCP and UDP, the target portion of the remote_socket parameter should consist of a hostname or IP address followed by a colon and a port number.
If a connection in a `AsyncMysqlConnectionPool` is used, but you call `setReusable(false)`, then you will have to create a whole new connection instead of reusing this particular connection.
If path is not a valid directory or the directory can not be opened due to permission restrictions or filesystem errors, opendir() returns FALSE and generates a PHP error of level E_WARNING.
If you create a PDOStatement object through PDO::prepare() or PDO::query() and invoke an error on the statement handle, PDO::errorInfo() will not reflect the error from the statement handle.
Prototype  : public mixed ReflectionFunction::getClosure() Description: Returns a dynamically created closure for the method  Source code: ext/reflection/php_reflection.c Alias to functions:
Some databases, including MySQL, automatically issue an implicit COMMIT when a database definition language (DDL) statement such as DROP TABLE or CREATE TABLE is issued within a transaction.
Some drivers support the invocation of stored procedures that return data as output parameters, and some also as input/output parameters that both send in data and are updated to receive it.
Two styles of iterators are supported, iterators that map the filename within the tar/zip to the name of a file on disk, and iterators like DirectoryIterator that return SplFileInfo objects.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.pharfileinfo.php )  The PharFileInfo class provides a high-level interface to the contents and attributes of a single file within a phar archive.
@return object - This function returns a new instance of the class DOMNodeList of all matched elements in the order in which they are encountered in a preorder traversal of this element tree.
If there is a default value, then there has to be defaultText If the defaultText is a class constant, then classname will be associated with the text, so you can use defined for that as well.
Prototype  : bool ob_get_flush(void) Description: Get current buffer contents, flush (send) the output buffer, and delete current output buffer  Source code: main/output.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : public mixed ReflectionFunction::getClosure() Description: Returns a dynamically created closure for the function Source code: ext/reflection/php_reflection.c Alias to functions:
These two temps may alias, so before decrefing to overwrite it with an array(), it needs to observe the may-alias sets to ensure the incref for the return value isn't pushed past that decref.
When an operation (e.g. receive, send, connect, accept, ...) is performed on a blocking socket, the script will pause its execution until it receives a signal or it can perform the operation.
mysqlnd will give 2014 as a follow-up of the fallback logic libmysql will give a little more precise 2030 error code However, you get an error and the big question is what happens to the line
truncate the file created earlier in subdir, the size of the file is 12000bytes truncate the same file, in the loop , each time with the decrement in size by 1200 bytes, until -1200bytes size
@return mixed - On success a stream resource is returned which may be used together with the other file functions (such as fgets(), fgetss(), fwrite(), fclose(), and feof()), FALSE on failure.
If a framework is not being run in parallel (e.g., it is being run like normal phpunit for the entire framework), then the actual_test_command would not contain the individual test by default.
Normally, you will `catch` an `AsyncMysqlException`, but if you want to explictly construct one and, for example, `throw` it for some given reason, then you pass it an `AsyncMysqlErrorResult`.
Prototype  : proto int xml_set_unparsed_entity_decl_handler(resource parser, string hdl) Description: Set up unparsed entity declaration handler  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto mixed unserialize(string variable_representation) Description: Takes a string representation of variable and recreates it Source code: ext/standard/var.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : public mixed ReflectionFunction::getClosure() Description: Returns a dynamically created closure for the function  Source code: ext/reflection/php_reflection.c Alias to functions:
The comparison function must return an integer less than, equal to, or greater than zero if the first argument is considered to be respectively less than, equal to, or greater than the second.
The database cleans up a cursor once all of its results have been sent to the client, but if the client doesn't request all of the results, the cursor will languish there, taking up resources.
The resulting header is "folded" to a set of multiple lines in case the resulting header field would be longer than the value of this parameter, according to RFC2822 - Internet Message Format.
This is complementary to `numRowsAffected()` as they might be the same value, but if this was an `INSERT` query, for example, then this might be 0, while `numRowsAffected()` could be non-zero.
This process is most important when text needs to be compared for sorting and searching, but it is also used when storing text to ensure that the text is stored in a consistent representation.
Transforms unordered skeleton formats like "MMddyyyy" to use the correct ordering and separators for the locale (for example, one locale might use "dd-MM-yyyy" when another uses "yyyy/MM/dd").
When output_callback is called, it will receive the contents of the output buffer as its parameter and is expected to return a new output buffer as a result, which will be sent to the browser.
https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/issues/5010 utf8_decode() targets latin1, therefore any character greater than U+00FF should come out as U+003F QUESTION MARK U+00DF LATIN SMALL LETTER SHARP S
@return int - The function returns a negative value on error: -3 when the key length was incorrect, -4 when there was a memory allocation problem and any other return value is an unknown error.
@return mixed - On success stream_select() returns the number of stream resources contained in the modified arrays, which may be zero if the timeout expires before anything interesting happens.
CLI is both tolerant of occasionally larger latencies, and also we want to make sure that we don't *always* get an error that the server isn't ready on the first CLI script execution in a repo.
For example, they are allowed in the VALUES() list of an INSERT statement (to specify column values for a row), or in a comparison with a column in a WHERE clause to specify a comparison value.
If you have GNU Tar installed, you should be able to find the file format documentation (including header byte offsets) at: - /usr/include/tar.h - the tar info page (Top/Tar Internals/Standard)
Prototype  : bool uksort(array array_arg, string cmp_function) Description: Sort an array by keys using a user-defined comparison function  Source code: ext/standard/array.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto mixed unserialize(string variable_representation) Description: Takes a string representation of variable and recreates it  Source code: ext/standard/var.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : public DateTimeZone DateTime::getTimezone  ( void  ) Description: Return time zone relative to given DateTime Source code: ext/date/php_date.c Alias to functions: date_timezone_get
This method may not return a meaningful or consistent result across different PDO drivers, because the underlying database may not even support the notion of auto-increment fields or sequences.
Due a limitation in the current Zend Engine it is not possible to pass a constant modifier like NULL directly as a parameter to a function which expects this parameter to be passed by reference.
Functions to check: mysqli_query() - done above, mysqli_stmt_execute(), mysqli_prepare(), mysqli_real_query(), mysqli_store_result() mysqli_use_result(), mysqli_thread_safe(), mysqli_thread_id()
If you have open pipes to that process, you should fclose() them prior to calling this function in order to avoid a deadlock - the child process may not be able to exit while the pipes are open.
Prototype  : array imap_alerts(void) Description: Returns an array of all IMAP alerts that have been generated since the last page load or since the last imap_alerts() call, whichever came last.
Prototype  : proto int xml_set_processing_instruction_handler(resource parser, string hdl) Description: Set up processing instruction (PI) handler  Source code: ext/xml/xml.c Alias to functions:
Prototype  : proto string serialize(mixed variable) Description: Returns a string representation of variable (which can later be unserialized) Source code: ext/standard/var.c Alias to functions:
When an operation (e.g. receive, send, connect, accept, ...) is performed on a non-blocking socket, the script not pause its execution until it receives a signal or it can perform the operation.
openssl_pkcs7_encrypt() takes the contents of the file named infile and encrypts them using an RC2 40-bit cipher so that they can only be read by the intended recipients specified by recipcerts.
@return mixed - If you opened the writer in memory, this function returns the generated XML buffer, Else, if using URI, this function will write the buffer and return the number of written bytes.
Each associative array contains at minimum the following keys: Basic DNS attributes    Attribute Meaning     host  The record in the DNS namespace to which the rest of the associated data refers.
If you pass "false" as argument, then the code coverage information will not be destroyed so that you can resume the gathering of information with the xdebug_start_code_coverage() function again.
Note that when you set a handler to an object method, that object's reference count is increased which makes it persist until you either change the handler to something else, or your script ends.
Passing different types of callback functions to array_filter() with parameters and return without parameter and with return with parameter and without return without parameter and without return
Prototype  : proto string serialize(mixed variable) Description: Returns a string representation of variable (which can later be unserialized)  Source code: ext/standard/var.c Alias to functions:
The name and value will be added to URLs (as GET parameter) and forms (as hidden input fields) the same way as the session ID when transparent URL rewriting is enabled with session.use_trans_sid.
This function is called `mmkw` because we are returning a `m`ap, doing a `m`apping operation on `k`eys and values, and each value member in the `Map` is `w`rapped by a `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`.
first() and last() don't read codepoint and set the last code point var to -1 The pointer is after the last read codepoint if moving forward and before the last read codepoint is moving backwards
shm_attach() returns an id that can be used to access the System V shared memory with the given key, the first call creates the shared memory segment with memsize and the optional perm-bits perm.
An example use of stripslashes() is when the PHP directive magic_quotes_gpc is on (it's on by default), and you aren't inserting this data into a place (such as a database) that requires escaping.
In blending mode, the alpha channel component of the color supplied to all drawing function, such as imagesetpixel() determines how much of the underlying color should be allowed to shine through.
It takes on one of three constants with the default being ENT_COMPAT: Available quote_style constants Constant Name Description ENT_COMPAT Will convert double-quotes and leave single-quotes alone.
Similarly, it is often necessary to make a series of changes and to ensure that they all are possible before making any changes on disk, similar to the relational database concept of transactions.
When you use stat(), lstat(), or any of the other functions listed in the affected functions list (below), PHP caches the information those functions return in order to provide faster performance.
Any combination of ReflectionMethod::IS_STATIC, ReflectionMethod::IS_PUBLIC, ReflectionMethod::IS_PROTECTED, ReflectionMethod::IS_PRIVATE, ReflectionMethod::IS_ABSTRACT, ReflectionMethod::IS_FINAL.
Gathers the statistics of the file named by filename, like lstat(), except uses cached information from an internal inotify-based mechanism that may not be updated during the duration of a request.
If the value returned from the handler is FALSE (which it will be if no value is returned), the XML parser will stop parsing and xml_get_error_code() will return XML_ERROR_EXTERNAL_ENTITY_HANDLING.
Prototype         : resource curl_multi_init(void) Description       : Returns a new cURL multi handle Source code       : ext/curl/multi.c Test documentation:  http://wiki.php.net/qa/temp/ext/curl
See the Supported Protocols and Wrappers for links to information about what abilities the various wrappers have, notes on their usage, and information on any predefined variables they may provide.
The latter is particularly helpful for functions like socket_create() which don't return a socket on failure and socket_select() which can fail for reasons not directly tied to a particular socket.
This function is called `mfkw` because we are returning a `m`ap, doing a `f`iltering operation on `k`eys and values, and each value member in the `Map` is `w`rapped by a `ResultOrExceptionWrapper`.
This usually means that the cursor timed out on the server side: after a few minutes of inactivity, the database will kill a cursor (see MongoCursor::immortal() for information on preventing this).
You can check if you have got an error by checking if mysqli_error() doesn't return an empty string, if mysqli_errno() returns a non zero value, or if mysqli_field_count() returns a non zero value.
max number of retries exhausted, couldn't send query  Code: 19  The driver will automatically retry "plain" queries (not commands) a couple of times if the first attempt failed for certain reasons.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/infiniteiterator.next.php )  Moves the inner Iterator forward to its next element if there is one, otherwise rewinds the inner Iterator back to the beginning.
For example, this returns "foo":    However, these return NULL:    To avoid surprising behavior, it is best not to depend on MongoDB to decide what to return, but to explicitly state a return value.
If possible, you should directly construct connection pools via `new AsyncMysqlConnectionPool()` and then call `AsyncMysqlConnectionPool::connect()` to connect to the MySQL client using those pools.
PDOStatement::closeCursor() is implemented either as an optional driver specific method (allowing for maximum efficiency), or as the generic PDO fallback if no driver specific function is installed.
Pass a cURL handle, or, more simply, a string containing a URL (and the cURL handle will be created for you), and the cURL request will be executed via async and the `string` result will be retuned.
Prototype  : proto array array_count_values(array input) Description: Return the value as key and the frequency of that value in input as value  Source code: ext/standard/array.c Alias to functions:
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/class.domexception.php )  DOM operations raise exceptions under particular circumstances, i.e., when an operation is impossible to perform for logical reasons.
( excerpt from http://php.net/manual/en/phar.getmodified.php )  This method can be used to determine whether a phar has either had an internal file deleted, or contents of a file changed in some way.
4) call_user_func() and forward_static_call() must never forward the caller's late bound class to the callee if the late bound class is not the same or a descendent of the class enclosing the method.
Bitmasks acceptable to iconv_mime_decode()    Value Constant Description     1 ICONV_MIME_DECODE_STRICT  If set, the given header is decoded in full conformance with the standards defined in RFC2047.
Use mysql_num_rows() to find out how many rows were returned for a SELECT statement or mysql_affected_rows() to find out how many rows were affected by a DELETE, INSERT, REPLACE, or UPDATE statement.
